Dude, I just like it.
“That’s next week’s lesson.”
And hold on tight
Among these dark Satanic Mills?
3. What is your favorite cookbook? I love the simplicity of Rachael Ray’s cookbooks – I have every one. Her style is true to my Italian roots, and even when she’s making meals that aren’t Italian in nature, per se, they remind me of the way my mom cooked for us every night when we were little. Hearty and healthy meals. I also love Giada’s recipes. And my sister swears by the recipes she gets from her Sunset cookbooks. Lately, I’ve been pulling a lot of recipes from Eating Right magazine.
If you are interested in the national private midwifery scene, or trying to locate a midwife outside Victoria, please go to the APMA blog.
And then last night I got on Facebook and the LiG group, looking for photos and shared memories and more fun. I found those things. But I also found regrets and complaints and reports about even more unfortunate events that had taken place. I got rather depressed.
Brown bottles filter out the light at these wavelengths and so protect the beer. Clear bottles don't; neither do green bottles. And although commercial beer isn't likely actually to sit out in the sun for any length of time, there is UV light in indoor florescent lighting as well. So although the required exposure time is longer, the effect can be the same: a degraded product over time.
“After a while, I had doubled my strength; my weight was DOWN to 180 pounds,” he says. “Then I got thinking, well, this is pretty cool. I wonder what else I might find if I analyze my blood.”
fat chance of that happening now. not even the end of the first week and I'm already like a dolly daydream.
I have been through the introductory class of all of my courses now, and one common thread exists: There is some level of disingenuous nanny-ism on the part of my professors towards their students. For the most part, my professors have been extremely specific in their expectations. After all, the syllabus is sort of a "contract" between the student and the professor. "This is what I expect of you, and this is what you should expect of me," is the general message.
“Why should I appear? I am not a witness! If I appear, who will pay for my expenses? I don’t want to use my money and the government’s money,” Ahmad was reported as saying by Sin Chew Daily on Saturday. He had previously said he would attend.
See, he told me I needed an MRI and a spinal tap, and probably a medication that would reduce the optic nerve swelling while I lose the weight. I scheduled the MRI, but when I filled out the paperwork, I saw that they won't bill for deductible/co-pay. I called to verify. They wanted $658 at the time of my appointment. Sorry, please cancel my appointment, I can't do that. The fantastic person on the other end hung up on me. BEYOND ignorant and rude. I won't be going there for anything. (I'm bitter, can you tell?)
UN peace operations behind only
Excerpted from The Secret Life of a Fool: One Man's Raw Journey from Shame to Grace by Andrew Palau, © 2012. Published by Worthy Publishing, a division of Worthy Media, Inc., Brentwood, TN. http://www.worthypublishing.com/. Used by permission.
do with enjoying them in the yard.
Some of our design team members will also be offering prizes on their blogs so be sure to visit each stop along the way and enter your comments.
When we first moved in, I worked on Ella's room. It is a much bigger space than her old room so I needed to go to Level 1. I headed straight to Jo-ann's to do so. The home section there is very small, but you can get some neat finds on the cheap. I also knew that Ella's room had a garden fairy vibe so I hit the outdoor and spring section of Jo-ann's. Outdoor garden items make for adorable decorations. Here are some of the details:
Unaccompanied by a canine companion, I could walk through the park as if invisible. On the few occasions when I had custody of a friend's dogs, however, suddenly I became quite noticeable. The leash, the collar, the wagging tails were my passport, the secret handshake that grants entrance into the private club. Fellow dog walkers and owners came over to say hello and chat. With two dogs trotting close to my heels, I was immediately embraced within the doggy community. The only thing more effective at attracting attention would've been pushing a carriage with a cute baby in it.
Mazwayi’s opinion was echoed by a score of residents interviewed in parts of Khayelitsha where vigilante action is common.
I've been asked one time or another by those who are curious about the path that I have chosen. Some have asked me, "You're not a Christian and you don't follow Christian rules, what are you, a devil worshiper?" I've also been told once or twice, "It is stated in the Bible that thou shalt not suffer a witch to live." And my personal favorite, "You can do magic? Do you do black or white magic?"
Cream colored ponies and crisp apple strudels,
Subtlety is out. Bloomberg Businessweek’s January 25th cover shows a book engulfed in flames. The book’s title? “Amazon Wants to Burn the Book Business.” A towering pile of books dominates the front page of Sunday’s NYT Business Section. The pile starts well below the fold (print edition), breaks through the section header at the top of the page, and leans precariously. Books are starting to tumble off. “The Bookstore’s Last Stand,” reads the headline.
Eating Your Way to the Top (30) – Acquired 30 upgrades through Consumes
She blinked again and ran crying from the room.
Dr. Seuss' The Lorax ... ABC Family ... 9:30 AM
Cheese: Monterey Jack, Asadero
There is nothing that it makes sense to give,
I shoot my mouth off.
The pros being meeting three or four close friends whom I still see to this day, learning to read at such a young age that I don’t remember learning it, participating in/creating several cool and creative projects, and experiencing the school atmosphere.
On the way, they met the Mouse. They all had the same conversation with the Mouse.
Ironic to come into work and find an influx of folks sharing these two videos – created by a Dutch filmmaker and father. His children’s life, growth, personalities – their moments – all beautifully captured in less than three minutes. What a gorgeous tribute to his children and such an amazing way to honor this magical parenting journey. Enjoy!
£ 20
I couldn't see the look on my face, but even I was terrified by me. At one point, Andy and I were walking upstairs to get a shuttle and had to go through a one person door. A woman cut me off by throwing her stupid fugly ass in the doorway without saying excuse me or apologizing and I finally let out a "Seriously? SERIOUSLY?!" at her before launching into the most cuss-filled rant I think I've ever made.
Afternoon all
The day and the night follow each other around and around, never pausing and never tiring of their eternal journey. But there is only ever one day and one night – they never happen at the same time, and in some places they move at a different pace than others; but they are always two things permanently apart.
My initial thoughts:
This quote from Rachel of http://peacelovefabulous.wordpress.com/ is a metaphor for the fabulousness of our human mind. Each of us has such interesting ideas and dreams – when one of these ideas is shared, it is like a flower in bloom for the rest of us to enjoy!
“But, there ain’t no train outta here on Sundays,” I said. “It used to be a farm stop and most of the farm folk go to church on Sundays with no need to go into town. So, they stopped the service not too long ago.”
Medical co-pays and deductibles must be met, as well as many things which, frankly, are not covered by medical insurance. Income is reduced or eliminated for your stricken client and possibly for the caretaker spouse. Credit cards are leveraged to the hilt. Savings have evaporated. Now it’s time to begin shredding IRAs, 401(k)s and other pension assets, as well as mutual funds or stock portfolios.
A quick trip to Safeway and it was game on!
Overall I thought Pike did a good job at creating an interesting story that you wanted to keep reading. It wasn’t an “I can’t put this book down and I just bit off all of my fingernails” kind of read, but it was interesting and enjoyable and it could easily hold an audience.
At first, because I had spun little silk over the winter, I wondered if it was my technique at fault. Then I had reason to spin a brick that I had dyed some years ago. I found the fibre to be of a more consistent length and could control the style of yarn more easily. So, I hadn't imagined the change.
And then you will see my face on the 7 o’clock news.
My 8 year old was in tears doing homework last night, at the table doing homework. He was supposed to think of times in the past that were fun. Well, he burst into tears and said that all of the fun times were with his Dad, and that he didn't realize how much he was going to miss him when he went away. Poor Tom. I just let him talk about it, and get his tears out.
vs 1: Then there was a famine in the days of David three years, year after year; and David enquired of the LORD. And the LORD answered, It is for Saul, and for his bloody house, because he slew the Gibeonites.
I choose to show my children cancer is not the boss of us.
Rowan went to meet Santa for the second time this year. You can see the first picture below under “Thanksgiving Celebrations”. This second time was less rushed and he really liked Santa! It was funny because his friend Sam who was with us was excited about Santa while we were in line but terrified when he met him, Rowan was the exact opposite! Silly boys.
Dale is currently a member of the Hartford Wolfpack, but is a hopeful to make the Rangers roster out of training camp next season. He saw time on Broadway during pre-season hockey last year and impressed fans with his ability to play physical and show a nose for the net.
I would love you to use two parts of your birth date and use the corresponding color and sketch challenges available on the forums.
“The police is investigating this. If indeed there are such terrible people around doing this, I hope they get caught soon. The public can also help to look out for astray kids or kids trying to fight against / get away from adults who do not look like their family.”
Tears and joy.
“Memory is like a spiderweb that catches new information. The more it catches, the bigger it grows. And the bigger it grows, the more it catches.”
* Pushing myself *just* a bit too hard to get into Oregon for night 2. I should have stopped at Boise.
Dr Susan Limber says "Children and youth who are bullied are more likely than other children to be depressed, lonely, anxious; have low self-esteem; feel unwell; and think about suicide"
Police said Isalgue left his 13-year-old daughter and a friend alive in the apartment.
Trousers: Superfine
Living human beings are so pitiable…
1. God's Amazing Love that stretches infinitely before and beyond time.
help us build
You want that goddamned silver ball out of the goddamned plastic firetruck NOW.
Meow Cosmetics Nessie – inner ¾ of lid, inner lower lashline
As readers, how much dialect do you want to read? Is it fair to use a little to indicate the speech patterns and then drop it?
2 Anaheim chiles, seeded, diced
108. Lay also good at playing piano and guitar.
And although Daphne is excited, she’s quickly overwhelmed by all of the support and fanfare from the deaf community. As much as she wants to be, as she tells John, just a girl playing basketball, this is an event and a moment of pride for the extended family/community she is a part of. In fact, at the hotel, she learns people traveled from as far as Houston just to root Carlton on. As the star player, it’s a lot to bear on her shoulder. And then, based on an “anonymous tip”, she’s nearly disqualified for not having been a consecutive Carlton player for the past six weeks. Melody gives an impassioned speech about what it means to the community and Buckner relents to let Daphne play for Carlton.
I was having recess alone everyday and i was a victim in my class with bullies ransacking my school bag after recess. I cried but the teacher in the class simply ignored. I remembered praying to God during the school holidays so that the bullies will not harrass me after i start school again! Thank God, I was saved from that very day i prayed! Even as a kid, i hoped that someone could really write me a note to say “Ignore the bullies, you are beautiful!”
I loved him when he was sober, for then he was a kind gentle father who could calm you no matter how bad the storm was.
It is finally, really, 100% totally sale season here in central Ohio - hooray! It means I should be back much more often with stuff to show off and things to blog about. :)
Either I am right or I am wrong here, but I am wiling to share my view for that 69 and risk my own life in pursuit of the truth because someone pulled me into this by blaming me for being behind Breivik.
Amber - We both agree this started with the head of our Interior Design program at VIU, Bodil Ellins, who instilled in us that interior design is not only surface decoration, it’s about functionality. The first step in any project is to analyze the space and it’s users. The look of the space is always a product of it’s function, not the other way around. Choosing lighting, materials and finishes that compliment the bones of the design enhance the users experience in that space.
Good morning and happy Monday to all!! After a short vacation, the carts at SCACD are back open for business, and Susana has of course been busy adding more fantastic new goodies to the shelves. :) Here's just a little taste of what's new:
I also got some cheapo games for them to play before hand. A bowling game, some peg games, a tic tac toe game. Stuff to keep them interested while everyone gets there. Time fillers, you know. I got those organized too.
We will start with Thursday’s statement by the administrators. As usual, their statement is in bold with my comments beneath in plain text. As an added bonus their release was combined with the “au revoirs” of the first two employees to leave Ibrox under D&P.
The point is, if you want people to accept the incest, you have to give them more of a reason for siblings to have sex than simply because they wanted it. People want lots of things that are not acceptable, but that does not make the thing acceptable to lots of people. As always, with writing, you need to figure out what your motive is for writing the scene before you can figure out your characters’ motivations. Are you trying to prove that sibling love is acceptable? That it’s inevitable under certain circumstances? That love is love wherever you find it? That you have the hots for your sister or brother and want society’s okay? Whatever you want to prove, you then have to write the scene with this objective in mind.
But Godl thought little of the noise. He rarely made any, as the fullness of his muscles and taut sinews testified to the creatures whose last vision in the world was the shadow of the jaguar.
The other way to categorize these might be according to permanence: the borders that are more transitional and in movement tend to be neutral to positive, while the borders that suggest permanent change are characterized as negative. This would seem to hold for the wider novel. Consider that the twinned villains, Kafka's father and Johnnie Walker, are in the business of producing fixity, in the form of sculpture and distilling souls into an all-powerful weapon.
They didn’t tell the network.
And sometimes I'd hang my head and cry
Well that’s it for today. The first post in a while.
Yeah I'm back...After a five mile trek through the English "wilds" - So here I am, the endorphins are flowing, my feet are killing me but I did get a prize for all that hard slog....Geez, I love the flow of endorphins after a long walk...You should try it...
What Osu meant, when uttered by a Samurai, was that whatever task had just been agreed to, it would be carried out under the strictest of penalties. When your boss summons you in and tells you the project must be completed by Friday, no matter what, answering Osu is like saying "I will die before this task is left uncompleted to your satisfaction."
For the week, I'm presenting my incredibly subjective list of the ten best movie scenes shot in New York City. This doesn't quite equate to the ten best movies about New York. These are just the ten images that I think in total represent the reasons that people continue to turn NYC into the world's largest back lot. I'll reel out the first nine today through Thursday; the topic of my number one pick will also be the topic of this week's podcast.
If you thought Cersei was a spoilt child than look to Theon who is struggling with his undeserved sense of entitlement. The episode all but revealed his intentions of overtaking a major castle in the North. Putting the scene where Bran discusses his dream with Osha before the revelation of Theon’s intentions of greed and power would have been a far better tool for creating suspense. Oh and look it’s Rickon! The youngest Stark had a small amount of time to act like a brat. Which is pretty much what he does in A Clash Of Kings as well.
We must measure the good of things by how they benefit or hinder our experience of faith. This is why the freedom of Christ is harder to follow than any set of written laws: we are the only ones who can know our own souls.
*This was actually a second application, due to having my first manicure destroyed by doing a 3 mile high pile of dirty dishes, hence the shorter nails!
The second film was a very powerful prison story. Not exactly easy viewing, but beautiful and intense, definitely my kind of film.
Since lapidary is the art of cutting, polishing gem, stone and rocks, I knew I was at the right place. Before I get to the amazing solid gold castle on stones or antique carved jade, I’d like to mention that it’s loaded with gem stones, rocks and minerals displayed in some pretty unique ways.
You know why people do this. Because deep down people are base, primitive creatures who want to root things. Combine this evaluation with the fact that a lot of people are heaps weird and you get the search terms below. None of these really have a G-Rating by the way.
However, the home minister still retains powers to grant a licence or to refuse an application for a printing press. He can also suspend licences for “any period he considers desirable”.
What tools have you found to be successful in keeping alumni engaged? What tools do you wish you had?
What if we, as Christians, would believe the devil’s lie; that it is wrong to discuss religion? What if we believed, as some maintain, that Christianity has failed? What if we, being in the minority, would roll over and play dead?
3. Pass the award to 7 nominees
Is it just me or did the month of February fly by? We have been traveling a lot this month (this weekend marks our 3rd out of town trip in 3 weeks). I am ready to plant my feet back home and dig in!
There is something a little crazy about my fidelity when I knew, by the conclusion of that first semester, that our relationship was doomed to end and probably badly. When all I was hoping for one day was the chance to sing out the last lines of Stars’ “Your Ex-Lover Is Dead” with complete sincerity:
"All My Children" in the daytime, "Dallas" at night
Grandma Ziemke (my mom) came with me to an ultrasound at the Perinatal office earlier today and you continue to look 'perfect.' Keep it up, Baby Boy!
Hi honey, where are you?
Ready? Ready? You’re going to do this
So hubris basically denies the existence of God, or for the non-religious, even the existence of luck, good fortune or the help of others.
I just know I was in Mrs. Corden’s class of grade five students and one of my favourite people in the class was a girl from Argentina who couldn’t speak English properly. At the end of the school year, she gave Mrs. Corden a gift that said, “with all mine gratitude.” That stuck in my head so fastly. I wished I could have given Mrs. Corden a gift that said something so profound. I wished I could have given Mrs. Corden a gift. She gave us so much. Sometimes when people are giving you “so much” you don’t even realize it.
16:40: Maryetta Ables clarifies the US position as Dr Chaouachi had mentioned that Forces were talking of taking anti-smokers to court. She said the groundwork had been done but there was a lack of funding. The charge would have been abuse of power in contravention of the Constitution.
A freight train passes as I tip my head back against the white poles along the stairs.
Sprinkle on:
*What could I have done differently?
Michael N. Marcus—a noted prankster and man of sharp humour and wisdom—has dealt with all of this in his own inimitable way—by hitting back with a blog—chronicling his experience in all of this. If I know Michael, we can expect a book too!
Now, in the Summer issue of Brooklyn!!! (issue not yet online), the tabloid produced by the office of Borough President Marty Markowitz, an article headlined Blogging the Block takes on the same theme, citing the Blogfest and the Brownstoner blog.
Two days before, I’d had a check-up and was told that if something hadn’t happened by 10 February, I’d be checking in to get the process started with a little help from the hospital. I felt a little more relaxed. One way or another, the end was in sight and I would soon come face-to-face with the little person who’d been listening to my bump-mumblings and kicking me in the bladder for the past few months.
Thanks for not being work.
In other health news, the pediatrician finally broke down and prescribed antibiotics to us for your ongoing ear infection, which she believes is caused by your ongoing teething. You hate the antibiotics and are quite certain that I'm attempting to murder you when I administer them, so I mixed them in with some sweet purees and gave them to you that way. You have a sneaky mom. I will always win! Remember that.
Anthony Gucciardi will be appearing on Alex Jones’ Infowars Nightly News with special fill-in host Mike Adams of NaturalNews to speak on the subject of Monsanto’s rampant and widespread corruption and disregard for human health. In addition to covering many startling topics on the serious negative impact of Monsanto’s genetically modified creations, Anthony will be releasing a highly exclusive letter that shows how Monsanto may have knowingly planned their GMOs before USDA approval.
Just start small and keep your expectations realistic – each goal met boosts your confidence and sharpens your focus in both life and marriage. Soon you’ll begin to set your sights higher and nothing will ever seem impossible!
It grows dark as I watch Him labor to breathe. And then. Finally. The cry erupts from His beaten body. “My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?”. I see His eyes. He is watching me watching Him, as though He is willing me to remember.
… not only… promote rationality through unbiased and accurate decision making, but also should show respect for persons by allowing equal, active participation in decisions affecting their interest. Confrontation is a specific type of procedure that helps to promote both ends.
Kinda pressed for time this AM, so a quickie introduction to this one.. It was originally another one of my “songs” but I came across it yesterday and thought “why not post it as a poem.” So here it is..There is a lot of truth in the humor here, and I hope you all will like it.
You can’t walk away, anyway
So life is good. There are stumbling blocks and there are rough times. But you can always find something that is a positive. And more often than not, I can find more than one. So I leave you with a video my mother sent her girls. It pretty much sums it up.
It's a beer of a kind that get brewed across the globe: a mainstream product so lacking in character you forget you're drinking it.
Because what this show so sorely needed was another character whose role basically comes down to ‘provide fanservice’. She’s basically half-naked at home nearly all the time. For no fucking reason. Well, I mean a reason other than providing eye-candy for the lonely male subset of the audience. I’d claim that the writers are probably misogynistic and so terrible that they are unable to write a female in any believable fashion, instead opting to objectify them endlessly, but that would be unfair, because they are unable to write period.
Sonic Adventitious 5
Griffin: 437 runs, 4.3 YPC, 5.9 TD%
you know that phrase, "so bad it's good?"
“Wait! My animals are scared too! I need to bring them!”
created a new stencil that I'm using today! I'll of course let you guys know how it goes.
This whole process helped me to feel a bit renewed, though. I almost felt human, again. Should’a taken the extra step of putting a pair of earings in, just to top off the feeling (I did go so far as to give up the glasses for my contacts). It felt good to get back to something normal. My youngest even got me to dance with her while she played her Kidz Bop Dance game. I felt a little silly and was ever so thankful that no one else was around to see me stumbling over myself (it’s been so long since I’ve danced), but I needed that silly time more than you could ever imagine!
In the meantime, Mrs. Miracle has come to work in the toy department of Findleys, bring them all together, and save Christmas!
Since 2001, Global Research has established an international network of authors, scholars and investigative journalists. Global Research counts among its regular contributors a number of prominent writers, researchers and academics as well as several promising young authors.
5: band introductions 1:28
Rob’s words “just lock the door and walk away” were resonating in my ears too, but I chose to ignore what would turn out to be words of wisdom later.
Saurel-Cubizolles MJ, Subtil D, Kaminski M. Is preterm delivery still related to physical working conditions in pregnancy? J Epidemiol Community Health 1991; 45: 29-34.
Now, many of you may know that Elisabeth Bell is my favourite artist, I have many of her stamps from the very early days when she was discovered by Sugar Nellie to more recently with Belles and Whistles!
And, the last question is:
First, he shares that God created people, and placed them where they are so they might, “Seek God, in the hope that they might feel their way towards him and find him. Yet he is actually not far from each one of us…”
Continuing with my series on what the passion narrative can teach us about international development, I pick up the story on the night Jesus was arrested in the garden, praying to God for guidance. He knew he was going to suffer and that even after three years together, his friends and followers would not really have the mettle to stand by him in his moment of need:
Dab some glue in the centre of the circle and start to roll the spiral, gluing periodically. I push the centre out while the glue is still wet to give it shape.
"The Forum consists of an international group of invited physicians and scientists who are specialists in their fields and committed to balanced and well researched analysis regarding alcohol and health. The Forum includes epidemiologists, statisticians, and basic scientists; cardiologists, hepatologists, neurologists, oncologists, and other medical practitioners; psychologists and social scientists; and specialists in social matters, psychology, and public health."
OK, now I know mistakes happen, but really? Three wrong classes? He's missed a week and a half of his correct classes and now he's going to have to play catch-up in 3 difficult courses. I just hope his teachers take this into consideration and cut him slack and/or let him come in early or stay late to help him to get caught up.
Is it baseball season yet?
This is the story of Mr. Kerneels van Rensburg who, with four other farmers, owned a 3 900 ha property called Kafferskraal. On his 700 ha portion he produced 800 tons of mealies per annum and as much meat needed to feed 20 000 people. A land claim on these farms was completed in July 2001. In September 2001 the farmers left and there has been no movement on the farms since then, except that one of the previous owners is renting his particular property back. No business plans were produced, although Mr. Van Rensburg said he’d help the new owners.
But, as you can see from the photo I took right in prime time fest mode, the attendance was pretty light and was not very beer geeky. Which is too bad. Perhaps one problem was the fact that it was scheduled on the same day as the OBG's Fresh Hop Festival at Oaks Park. Another problem might have been the lackluster effort at publicity this year. I did not do my part - I had intended to post a notice or two here, but life got busy and I just plain forgot. Still, I got no PR blasts to remind me which is kind of what I was relying on as my 43 year old memory is, well, 43 years old. When I asked beer blogger friends about it the were not even aware of the date this year, which is a shame as there a a number of unique things to recommend this fest.
8. Kickin' It Under
People with genetic illnesses or who carry genetic illnesses in their genes should not be allowed to procreate. And, yes, I believe is a form of NEGATIVE EUGENICS based on preventing genetic illnesses and deformities. If they are not ill and the doctor projects they can physically perform their duties as a parent and a provider, then they can adopt.
The big grey rat ran as fast as he could. Then he thought how very tired he was getting. "What's the use of hurrying?" he said to himself. "The little brown beetle can not possibly win. If I were racing with somebody who could really run it would be very different." Then he started to run more slowly but every time his heart beat it said, "Hurry up! Hurry up!" The big grey rat decided that it was best to obey the little voice in his heart so he hurried just as fast as he could.
When the communication became inconsistent, he became more distant. That fed into all of my insecurities. He seemed to be “busy” all the time. He had kids and a demanding job, so I wanted to show him that I could hang in there with him. I wanted to show him that I was independent and that I wasn’t really needy. But at the same time, I didn’t want to let go. I didn’t want to be abandoned.
-A plot of land = one area of grass
Lets try this another way. If you're calling about payments, say "payments".
She gasped when the man holding her mouth released it but didn’t have time to call out for help. He pressed his fingers into her cheeks, forced her mouth open and tilted her head back. Her gaze snapped to the hooded man’s hand. He held it above her and drops of blood trembled on the edge of his black glove.
15.Five O'clock
Shame on me!
If you find an off-the-peg design you like from a kit supplier, this is one of the most economical ways of building your home. It’ll also be much easier to cost every stage of the project. A small, single bedroom cottage from Skye Homes comes as a self build kit for only £13,900, rising to £230,000 or more for a large family home. One of the largest suppliers, Potton suggests potential buyers should budget from £70 to £85 per square metre for the majority of their designs.
Ink: Ranger Tim Holtz Distress Ink - Stormy Sky
We played at one of the parks in our neighborhood for an hour and Beckham experienced his first sucker!
Arkansas will beat LSU on their home field.
Open laptop and connect to power source.
I said, “It must be wonderful to have a daughter” She agreed. I have one son, whom I adore more than life itself, but daughters are different. I have a lucky ring, it is actually quite the bling. I wear it all the time. It was given to me by a former client. She was dealing with a very ill son and a dying husband. She had a healthy son, but I remember thinking, ‘this woman needs to be daughtered’ so I did, way beyond the scope of my professional life. So she gave me crazy fancy ring. “I don’t have a daughter, I want someone I care about to wear this” So after refusing about 7 times, and when the whole family agreed, I took it. I didn’t sell it even when I really needed the cash because it means so much to me when I look at it and think of why she wanted me to have it. Bon-Bon sometimes daughters me, it is lovely. Tom-Tom has exquisite taste.
It’s the response to your anxiety that’s
I'll be back Sunday night, but will try to blog any worthy goofy happenings while I am there.
My tarragon has sprouted new leaves! I'm so relieved! Let's just hope that it will grow healthy, keeping my fingers crossed. The ones which I propagate from the cuttings doesn't look good. There's no sign of any new leaves, they just look like dead twigs, and I dare not touch them as I'm afraid that I might disturb the new roots, if there are any! Will wait for another week and see. I have not sowed the seeds yet! Hope to do that these few days as I'm extremely busy with household duties after back from the holidays.
told her to, so for years she lied to and manipulated everyone she
Some people have more money than taste. Especially when it comes to kncoking down a fine house and replacing it with one which would be worth half as much. Here is the PINS reference if you want to object.
I had made a really good friend at school. We moved a lot, so I never really had friends before, but this girl was different. Sarah was so kind and warm and genuine. I was actually allowed to go to a sleepover at her house. I had never been allowed to do that before. Life in her house was so different than anything I had ever known. When they took me home her dad seemed agitated and nervous. I thought he didn't like me and couldn't wait to get rid of me. It turns out he had a bad feeling and didn't want to let me out of their car. He told Sarah that he felt like something bad was going to happen to me. Of course I didn't know that until this Spring, twenty years after the fact.
XXVII
I'd love to have a little console table and lamp, but the front door eats up the only available wall space. How do you like the layered mirror look? Have you tried Rub 'n Buff? Better yet, have you ever tried to take a picture of a mirror without being in it?!? I was like Gumby MacGyver!
No one appeared while we wandered around. There was an office, and I guess whoever was in charge figured we would holler if we needed them. It wasn't like anything in here would have been small enough to be carried out unnoticed.
Let's take a look at one of my traditional tables (I've deliberately thrown in some FES examples as a benchmark):
It’s like in Harry Potter. The wand chooses the wizard. Not the other way round. Likewise here. It may sound strange to some of you, but like the wands in Harry Potter, the pieces of jewellery she makes ‘choose’ their new owners. Ask anyone who has bought one and chances are they will say that they felt the piece ‘calling out to them’. In fact, at the moment, I am wearing the first necklace I ever bought from her. And it was calling out to me.
Since launching Acne Paper in 2004, the magazine’s editor in chief and creative director, Thomas Persson, has done far more than simply prove it’s not merely a glossy offset of the denim empire. This week, he’s in New York to fête the launch of the latest issue, number 13. And it’s a very fitting location for celebration—Acne is set to open its first flagship store and office (at 33 Greene Street) outside of Europe in Manhattan later this spring.
This is one hell of a possibility. I can't wait to see where it goes, where I will take it.
CHECK THIS OUT!
Here's what we celebrated this past weekend:
better to do. But with the window down and my hand out, being pushed back by
Lonely and cold as the car lay in the ditch,
one of his disciples said to him,
Sometimes you hit a crossroad with no signposts and you feel lost.
The family had arrived.
07-28 Houston, TX – Bayou Music Center
Hi there! To all of you who celebrated, I hope you had a wonderful Christmas :) I received some AMAZING news yesterday that I would love to share with you ... PLEASE click HERE for COMPLETE details :) and PLEASE feel free to share your thoughts :)
3. Vertical Pull / Hip Extension – Barbell Shrugs / DB RDL's
Having secured contract renewals for Jani, Prost, Belicchi, and Boullion, the team also confirmed the return of its regular driving outfit for the 2011 season during the announcement. Additional drivers for the 24H have not yet been announced.
After the dates macerate (my favorite word from last week) in the hot beer for a while, they're supposed to be put in a food processor until mixed to a brown slurry. My food processor chose this moment to give up the ghost. I thought about getting out my immersion blender, but then decided that I'd rather have bits of dates in the cake anyway. So I just chopped the softened dates, and was glad I did--the little pieces of dates added to the textural interest of the cake.
But, as in an earthquake, the next stage is the mess you alone deal with. Everybody else will have moved on. You deal with the clean up, the re-building, the healing.
"What do you need help with?" Rachel asked, trying to be sincere. But failing. She knew where this would lead.
We are counseled to not be a sign seeking people, as this story is of seeking a sign...but I think there is wisdom in remembering that our Father is a God of miracles.
My suspicions turn to the iphone app I have been posting with lately. I am staring at it all squinty eyed like a circus freak in a Tom Waits tale. Hey thats two pop culture references, two similes and only one miniature reference.
He was recently sacked from a state body over his report on water safety.
Source: RedmondPie(DOT)com
you will liken all that came before
I dreamed myself thousand times around the world
"Fosket?" He shook his head, while Pevan kicked herself. "It would have had to have been Fosket, or word would have reached them from Polten. No, I think I was betrayed."
Let me start with the first line: Draft guidelines for telling transcendent stories: Installment number one.
This post is a consolidation and recapitulation of a couple of comments made across a couple of posts from the week or so, on the subject of rape in the islamic world.
Tuba Atlantic
Her poor little feet hurt so bad!
When I first started drawing I read everything I could about how things were built and put together (especially the human body). When I went to life drawing I worked hard to draw everything so it was "put together right".
When he took me to the museum he would take me to see are the art he knew I would appreciate in certain times of my life. When I was a ballerina he took me to see the ballet dancers in pastel by Degas. When I was studying the middle ages he took me to see the tapestries of unicorns. And when I was in art school he took me to the modern section to learn to appreciate Pollack and De Kooning. He always had local listings for new shows cut out from the newspaper. In short, my father taught me to love art.
Hers was obviously wishful thinking, but I felt guilty all the same. So I learned to downplay how I was feeling, even if I was miserable. It was better than feeling like a nuisance, even if I wished deep down that it didn't have to be that way.
When I did the huge rewrite on Commences, a number of plot changes inevitably occurred that affected the next three novels in the quintet. Since I’m now working on the second of these novels, I thought I’d better check my old notes to see what – if anything – needs to be changed in Transference. So far, I can’t find anything. A character from the fourth novel, who appears in a different, unrecognisable form in Commences, also appears briefly in Transference so changes regarding this character need to be found. Failing so far. Can’t find my damn notes for the fourth novel!
“Each new sunrise provides the catamaran with the light needed to continue its journey,” the PlanetSolar team wrote on its website.
“I currently tend to be more on guard, and intervene between my child and another child in a public setting. This is due to twice where an unknown parent in a public playground setting has confronted me as a parent on my child's play being unsafe or rough.”
Should I call Guinness?
Stay away from people who are only too happy – and quick – to tell you why you can't get what you want. These people are easy to identify. They're the ones who bitch and moan 99% of the time. They are black holes in your universe, and they will suck the life, ambition, and motivation right out of you.
2) WHAT IS ON THE WALLS OF YOUR BEDROOM?
Cut figs in half lengthwise, lightly coat with olive oil on all sides.
If Jesus is not the Messiah for all Jews, neither will He be my savior.
Also in preparation for boot camp, I’ll be eating three times a day. I’ll need to start waking up early and going to sleep early as well. I’m going to look into a job with UPS. It’s full time, so that would actually help with the sleep schedule, but my thesis might die…
Isn’t the point of all these puns to make people laugh? It’s FUN to be clever and witty and whatnot, and I think that occasionally you cross some lines for the sake of a joke.
tortilla chips
In the interest of full disclosure, my personal experience with autism, particularly the past 3-4 years, has not been all that difficult. My son is an absolute joy. We do not experience any of the behavioral issues that other parents face, at this point he has very few sensory issues that affect his daily life (I'm not talking about school, that's a whole other ball game) he is not rigid, he is not inflexible, he deals with change very easily. He's got tons of quirks and stims, and his expressive language skills cause him, and me, a great deal of difficulty and frustration, but that's okay; we deal with things as they come and we all love each other very much.
All in all, a sad end to Volume one of Jonah Hex. Jonah acts out of character turning down the money, one minute he appears to be happy about having Cindy around and the next he ignores her. I always wished that this book could have made it to issue 100, but on a bimonthly schedule, 8 more issues would be over another year of very poor sales.
After the passing of my grandfather, Mae remained in the trailer for a time, but eventually moved in with my parents on the farm where we had moved. She spent the next 11 years with them there. For a portion of that time, I lived right next door. I don't believe there was a day that went by that I didn't talk to her, if only on the phone. (I still remember her number!) She would call me to tell me the "news" that she had just read in the National Enquirer, always certain that it was,without a doubt, the truth. I would call to let her know what new thing one of the kids was doing, or how my work was going.
Let's talk cost. A 52-mile round trip commute translates to about 250 miles a week and over 1000 miles a month. Divide that by the 33 miles to the gallon I get with my Scion (still not as good as the 41 mpg with my beloved Saturn) and I'm saving over 30 gallons of gas--or about $120--per month. Not to mention the wear and tear of my car.
Normal tourists simply watch the marine life from the conveyor belt, but if you are the adventurous type, you can dive with the sharks.
Prices of things in UK have been mentioned often enough on this site and others, so I will just add a few more tips for when the money is tight (and it will be)
2010.07.23 Dagestan Chernyaevka 2 4 Children are among the casualties when Muslim gunmen open up on a school bus in one of two separate attacks.
A background check on the couple’s history revealed one battery domestic violence case against Isalgue in 1998 with the Orange County Sheriff’s Office. Police said the charges were dropped due to declination to prosecute.
- Participate actively in the monthly and quarterly closing;
A closer look at the third, falsely associated condition.
So, the “Occupy” movement is an expression of a growing realization that we have been trapped in a dead end with our Economic system, and that we have to begin to create something new. It is a symptom of the Planetary Collective moving towards realization of a new and sustainable future, and right on time! The next few years will be intensely focussed on evolving Social and Economic systems that are Democratic and Sustainable and that serve the interests of all Beings on the Earth. The first steps are being taken……
Fascist flag of Italy…
33 And he said, Throw her down. So they threw her down: and some of her blood was sprinkled on the wall, and on the horses: and he trode her under foot.
Images Of America Holly Springs by Alice Long & Mark L Ridge 1998
“All the time you are fighting, you think only of how to survive. All the time you survive, you wonder why you don’t die,” said Pond, who, after moving to the U.S. and enduring the usual traumas of assimilation, decided upon a third choice: to live.
No? It's just me? Well, this is one of those posts. Be forewarned.
This is a semi dry preparation. If you want a gravy version, add more water or coconut milk.
We certainly should criticize the ISI for supporting a political party but we shall also not forget the outstanding services of Lt. Gen. Pasha as he was the most important thorn after Gen. Kayani which the US & Pakistani Government wanted to remove. We must not forget the fact that ISI is our first line of defence & DG-ISI is one of the most important posts in Pakistan keeping in mind the geo-political & regional situation. We should also be practical and not just go blind in our criticism of ISI. I very strongly believe that involvement of ISI in politics is an absolute NO-NO.
"Calling Card" – 5:24
As the teacher at the drop-in center, I saw the kids who chose to come downstairs to my windowless rooms, lit by the strange blue light of my glowing computer screens, to let me poke and prod at their brains, filling in the gaps left by too many self-imposed "vacations" from school, too many schools in general (one kid had been in seventeen schools between the ages of five and fourteen) and too many years when their brains were simply in survival-mode, which left precious little time for learning.
Cesar Milan, the Dog Whisperer, frequently says that dogs do not wish to misbehave. They desire, and very deeply so, a good relationship with both their masters and other human beings. People are the same way. Dogs cannot be blamed for their poor training any more than people can choose their parents. Nobody wants banal conversation, they simply need to be shown a better way.
On March 19, 2011, President Obama, an African Descendent, left a “Bitter Taste” in Brazil, a nation of color, by launching an unjust unilateral aerial assault against the African sovereign nation of Libya [7] solely in the interest of Africa’s former white supremacist murderous colonists responsible for plunder of the mother country’s resources and slaughter of millions. President Obama’s justification to attack Libya because of an imminent “humanitarian threat” to innocent civilians was and remains a cold hearted vicious and outrageous fabrication, deception and war crime.[8]
1/4 ounce unflavored gelatin
I keep reminding myself that this will pass. We waited so long for her. This is just a little bump in the parenting road. I won't even remember it when I am watching her graduate college, get married or have her first baby. There is so much more ahead. This is nothing. I'll sleep when she gets older and doesn't need me to be there so much. Then, I will miss these days.
I read Majestrum after reading The Spiral Labyrinth and Hespira, and I was a bit surprised to find it wasn’t the beginning of the Henghis Hapthorn story (although it works perfectly well as a standalone novel). Similarly, you mentioned earlier the Luff Imbry novel, which follows on from short stories and novellas. That’s quite an unusual approach, reminding me in a way of how indie bands like Stereolab and New Order would leave singles off their albums; it encourages a certain kind of fan. Was that approach the result of a deliberate decision, or is it just how it’s worked out?
I’ll tell my baby girl
And that’s another thing the Iberoamerican selection in both festivals have in common: about 90% of them will never be screened again in this country after their brief festival runs. Fortunately, both festivals have year-round programs that give these films another chance to find an audience: the Chicago Latino Film Festivals’ Film in the Park and Reel Club series and the Chicago International Film Festival’s International Screenings Program.
I will now commence with using bullets to give you some random updates from my life recently, some noteable notes, if you will:
During the break all the teachers told me how much they liked the lemon bars. A success towards my goal - introducing new foods to the country, one dessert at a time! It is really fun to have them talk to me now and include me in their conversations (which sometimes means that one of them will have to translate). Nadia has mentioned everyday how much fun she had taking me to dummbalah!
Before class cut crepe paper into 2 feet lengths. Divide your students into teams and give them each a straw and a piece of crepe paper. Have them use the straw to blow the crepe paper across the room and back. If you don’t want them to get on the floor, have them blow the crepe across a table.
Someone you thought was amazing, and someone that you believed also thought you were amazing, has left you. How could they have done this to you? Didn't they know how much you loved them? When you made it clear to them that you'd do anything for them so that you could be together, didn't they take that seriously? It just doesn't seem possible that they'd have chosen someone else over you. It certainly doesn't seem possible that they'd sought out someone else to replace you.
After you have been relieved of your debt, start setting some savings goals. Figure out what it is you’re saving for, how much money you will need, and about how long it will take you to get to that goal in order to achieve it. When figuring out how much you will need to save, it would be best to save the same amount each period. This time frame of saving must be realistic, or else you will just get discouraged and it will push you further and further from your goal.
The second soap I did was a second look at coffee soap....there are no fragrances in this soap at all...but still gives off a light scent with the coffee grounds and coffee butter.
He looked at me, shrugged:
Anyway, after a second call to Mr. Propane Man in the late afternoon, he finally filled the tank.
J: A case of wine. Lord knows they'll need it to survive the first year ;)
WALLOP! I right-hooked the doors of my agency open.
What makes this the most feminist film of the year is not just its portrayal of how Corinne’s faith infuses everything about her life and enriches her friendships, but how hard it is when she begins to lose that faith and her previous closeness to God. Instead, she begins to notice all the inequities in her life — the minister’s wife who wants to correct her behavior or dress; her husband’s insistence on wifely submission; her lack of other things that might fill the gap left by God and give her life meaning; the emptiness of her community’s anodyne promises of glory in exchange for obedience. At last: a film about Christianity that can be feminist, too.
Just last summer we went with friends on their boat through this same canal. The weather then couldn’t have been more different compared to the weather yesterday. As soon as we parked the car it started snowing. I wrapped my camera in plastic and we walked to the A-bridge to take some shots of the people on the ice, the boats in the ice and the beautiful houses along the canal.
Whether I broke up with a man for horrible reasons, or the fact it just didn’t work, I’ve taught myself to remember that there was a reason I loved him. Just because the worst of my exes showed another more negative side I didn’t expect or vice versa, it would be a lie to all of a sudden act like I’m repulsed by their existence on the planet.
Although we had to discover Chanti's weakness, Satan already knows ours. And he uses them against us as easily as we wave the broom at our rooster.
I felt her presence, by its spell of might,
Well here I am with a tag for CoC and too late again. The week has just run away from me, but it hasn't helped that I have had to go to the dentist twice and have a temporary filling whilst waiting for root canal treatment. But hey ho.
Cut up the boneless chicken pieces into bite size pieces (not too small) and marinate it with ginger, garlic pastes, vinegar and salt and keep aside while you get the remaining preps going.
On a very cold day we went outside and played volleyball (Haley even played five days after having a baby! What??!). Darcy played in the big pile of leaves while we played and loved it. Here she is with Ashley.
There's things everyone who decides to use a firearm for self-defense needs to think about, consider, re-think, and continually process. It kind of reminds me of the ol' Kenny Roger's song, The Gambler...
"I really liked the way “Stay Focused Nikon D60” was organized by problems and solutions to those problems, rather than a step-by-step rundown of all the features. It groups the most common problems that people experience and puts them into different chapters. Each issue offers several different solutions depending on the specific conditions. For instance, a photo can be too dark for several different reasons and each one is fully explained with its individual solutions. The sample photos do a great job at illustrating both the problem and the fix. This makes it easy to jump around reading the items that pertain to your most pressing needs.
NBC Sports network has two games scheduled Sunday night, if necessary.
Perhaps some reviewers are not so concerned with an authors' feelings but worry rather that a bad review will stop a book selling. This concern is founded on the assumption that anyone reading a bad review will be put off even looking at a book. But it's a breathtaking patronization of readers to assume that they'll swallow wholesale a blogger's views. As some commenters have said, they are often prompted by a bad review to read a book and are not only pleasantly surprised but provoked to write a contradictory, positive review. Susan Hill however has stated that she has noted 'lemming' behaviour among bloggers - I hope she's not right. Someone somewhere during this week's discussion (can't find it at the moment, I'm sorry) quoted an American study which showed that while negative reviews do not push up the sales of books as much as positive reviews, they do nevertheless push them up.
1/4 tsp. baking powder
Sawyer came home from school Monday and I informed him that his new vinyls had come and were up on the wall, and that his room was now done. He went upstairs to see it, came down and said... "Mom, that. room. is. AWESOME!"
Wifesy called me back in 7 minutes to say, “I relented and paid the moving fee.”
Great set up! That line immediately draws in your reader (says a reader, LOL.) What’s your favorite line in the book?
With The Avengers fast approaching in two days, all the stars are dishing about life as an iconic Avenger.
Xypherous: This isn’t just about Iron Stylus.
So, he knighted me and arranged for our wedding to take place after a big tournament the king was throwing in Pangalia. We met King Alderic, who had me swear fealty, and that was it -- I was a noble. Lord Tathis gave me a tiny province on his southern border with Laithtaris and Vimar Keep.
He has been accused of everything from talking out of his backside to destroying Shankleys Socialist legacy. Once the faux outrage has died down (and Martin Samuel of the Daily Mail has chipped in with his opinion. He is the absolute king of faux outrage) it’s a subject worth looking at in the cold light of day.
I look at Delhi’s landscape under the orange hue of fading winter sun and try to unravel the mystery and the present surge of my city.
Thanks for all of your hard work and wonderful tips!!!
What might happen in the real world is that a copyright holder might tell a middleman, such as YouTube or Twitter, about an offending video or an offending link. The middleman would then immediately take it down – not wait until it had confirmed that a breach of copyright had actually taken place. Because of SOPA the middleman would act quickly, fearing that its entire domain could be taken offline. It seems to me that SOPA giving this kind of muscle to copyright holders is not such a bad thing.
Monday - AI try to cover their tracks by deleting log files that Goth has already sent off network
Bill Fryer, whose agency gets you better results, or you don't pay, shows you how to optimise everything. Peter Hobday of Subscriptions Strategy Magazine - to whom I always turn when working in that particular minefield - made us all think.
The last corner, before the straight road home,
You see … Kelly wants to be a food writer. Professionally.
Like people, plants have their comfort levels. They also have critical temperature minimums and maximums. In general, temperatures between 65°F and 75°F during the daytime are best.
The last days of summer are upon us and once again I wonder where the summer went. Thank goodness I have the foresight to take photos else I would think my entire summer was wasted. Just looking at these wonderful images lets me know that my efforts were not in vain and the fruits of my labor, although fleeting, were well worth the effort.
According to Staf de Wilde the Catholic church is standing in front of a firm dogmatism and for a pyramidal, say dictatorial structure in which the basis church has to squeak little or nothing. Him remains it surprising that critical religious people within this institute wishes to remain active. According to him an organized belief community does not really has to be church with the qualities of the church of Rome. And as you take away these qualities, then you hold something else over: something resembling the original Christianity perhaps, at that time there did not exist yet an infallible pope and yet no dogmas.
A note, a warning
The ambiguity surrounding some Islamist powers involved in Middle East revolts raise questions in the West about the trajectory in which ongoing turmoil is taking the region. Skepticism is exacerbated by the fact that some Al-Qaeda affiliates are enthusiastically talking about the opportunities that change in the Middle East holds for them. Lessons learned from Iraq’s transformation suggest two things; that the emergence of even a stumbling democracy makes extremists more vulnerable to change themselves, and that the potential for evolution towards democracy is greater than that for relapse towards theocracy. The international community should therefore remain engaged until that outcome is achieved.
This is the laws that govern a person that does not know Jesus as their Savior.
That woman’s circumstance could be told many times — spouses leave, children rebel, health fails, financial troubles escalate, cars and houses need repairs, landlords are ungracious, bosses and co-workers are uncaring, circumstances are disappointing, and friends waver. Does that leave us with no reason to be grateful?
My nurse gave me a few quick pointers on how to push and we got started. She said it took most first time moms 1-3 hours to push the baby out. For me, I got the job done in 1.5 hours and it was a lot of work. I felt a lot of pressure down below and pushed with all of my might. The nurse and doctor said that some people didn't feel anything with an epidural so it was good that I could feel the pressure and that it would help me push.
Look at this beautiful gem.
Unfortunately, that process is not so clear cut for those of us fighting back, or standing up for our rights through the justice system. It’s a much more complicated and complex situation, where the majority of us are constantly faced with a rubber band affect and having to acknowledge the fact that, we have fought one power and control only to have it replaced by another.
Before you attack my snobbish attitude, I'll just point out that I have actually done it and I am absolutely a writing slut - I'll write almost anything if someone is going to pay me.
- Weather – Know at all times what is happening with the weather
Mix orange juice with spice and it makes a great meat marinade. It can also be reduced and used as a glaze for sweets or meat.
I just about died laughing. I love my husband for his quick wit and quiet manner. He is a character! Thanks for making me laugh hubby!
Truth be told, I experimented with another poncho style, for an adult, in a lovely aran wool blend in a graphite hue - a significantly more sane colour scheme. ;)
“Give that to me.” The centaur said, in his deep, commanding voice, taking Alice’s cloak. “And your dress, you won’t be needing them anymore.”
“I like to do them. I do a lot of them.” She crossed her legs, letting the butter-soft
Feel the peace that follows from this simple act.
Oh for those heady days of May 2000 when that wonderful Mr Tony Blair, imbued with the spirit of European co-operation, so presciently decided to order 25 of those shiny new Airbus A400M military transport aircraft.
Dylan has had a 50 year long recording career, which is pretty remarkable all by itself, but I doubt that he ever expected this honor.
Repertory cinemas, where fellow film aficionados sit in respectful silence have been closing. The foreign film section appears to be getting smaller and I do not think I have watched a movie about an artist since "Pollock". As a fellow cinephile friend of mine often states: "They just don't make them anymore".
Thu-AM: 2:22, 2700'
when suddenly,
Brylee bear you are so loved Grandma
The frogs, which come from the famous Lake Titicaca, located at a high elevation in southern Peru, are taken out of a small aquarium, killed by banging them against tiles, skinned and dropped into a blender along with 20 other ingredients including white bean broth, honey, raw aloe vera, malt, maca (an Andean root also believed to boost stamina and sex drive) and sometimes even wine. This so-called “Peruvian Viagra” costs around $2, but fans of the drink say it’s worth every penny for its tonic effect on the human body.
He wheeled her over to the long window. It was a first floor room with a little balcony outside. They’d let her have a room to herself—it was a lonely luxury. The snow was falling faster now, and the ground below was already nearly covered with a white rug She looked and looked. It was beautiful.
It's almost 1'oclock in the morning and I am packing your lunch for your first day of school. I am also sobbing like an idiot. Who cries when making Cinnamon apple slices? Your mom. Why am I making your lunch at 1 am, instead of being in bed and getting a full nights sleep like a normal person? I am your mom. And in 10 years, unless I have had some massive turn around, I am most likely still going to be making your lunches at 1 am. I have never been organized at doing anything. Which is why I think this is so hard for me.
Let two players compete and designate the top performer as the starter.
With its multi-faceted benefits of health, environment and preservation of the planet’s resources by burning calories rather than petrol, cycling is the answer to many of urbanIndia’s problems. Cycling is hard to beat as a physical activity not just because it pushes you to your limits but because it also helps you to win friends and explore opportunities for adventure.
piece of white satin or organza or guardian angel
not to be a tease BUT that's as much of lois as you're gonna see for now. hey, don't cop that 'tude with me. i've hit a few bumpity-bumps in the bloggin' road and, since you're on this ride with me, we'll be bouncin' around together 'til i fine tune this photography stuff.
Sation recently updated their brand & bottles & I have a few of their new polishes to show you. The bottles are oval with thick glass bottoms. The new brushes are great for ladies like me that love wide brushes. The formula on all the ones I've tried is excellent. You can find out more about the brand on their Facebook page.
I don’t know if the found footage film will survive the backlash but Chronicle is one of the genres reasons for its survival. Chronicle may be about superheroes and it may be made for the younger generation but it champions its characters and the unique viewing experience that it is. I recently watched the first two episodes of The River, which is a found footage T.V. series. It is awful, one of the worst T.V. shows I have seen in a long time and a disgrace to the found footage club. It doesn’t embrace the realism of the genre. It doesn’t seem to want the burden of what it is trying to be. Chronicle doesn’t mind being what it is and what we get in return is one of the most personal and rich dramas to come out of the genre. A masterpiece of things lost and found.
Person: Wow, these are amazing and you made truffles yourself! You are such a good cook!
The Spirit of Xmas
I’ve mentioned before how different we are and that it is important to find the right exercise for you. We are (fortunately?!) not all the same, so our bodies react differently to things, including exercise. So even if you are not in ‘super-responder’ category, don’t despair, just put some effort into finding out what really works for you and minimise effort on the things which don’t work! There is no point wasting valuable time with something that isn’t right for you…(a lesson for all areas of life…)
2. Taking Screenshots Just Got Easier
Another thing that I didn't really like in this story was that the plot was a bit loose. From the summary, we get the idea that Brit wants something very essential for his family from Tori, and for that he seduces her. Now, should what he needed was indeed very important, I honestly wouldn't mind the way he treated Tori. But to seduce a woman, just for something like that, is unethical. Surely it's unethical on both accounts, but at least if it's a matter of life and death you can forgive someone the lengths he goes to succeed. But Brit, has no excuses. And I simply couldn't really like him after that. He kind of reminded me a spoiled kid who does anything to achieve whatever he wants.
PRIVATE PRACTICE looks good for 13 with the tiny caveat that it'll be their final season.
2, Add the carrots, squash and zucchini and season. Cook for about 3 to 4 minutes until soft and hot. Add the black beans, egg, paprika, parsley and oats.
And the armies that remain’d suffer’d….
2 tablespoons cornstarch
Copyright ConnieD. 2012. All rights reserved.
Happy – I have been a lot happier since I have started on this journey.
Oh-ho-ho, how wrong you are, Dear Readers.
Jute twine
My dear living wonder
Jane you had been wanting to sit up but were still quite tipsy and on the exact day you turned 7 months you sat up! You are a pro now and are so proud of yourself! It's funny how the past few months all you've wanted to do is stand, I couldn't get you to bend and now I can't get you to stand. I try to stand you up in the tub so I can soap your bottom and chubby legs and when I lift you out of the water, you stay in the perfect sitting position....legs straight out in front of you!
For More Information Call: 718-250-4850
Projects unreviewed, no easy way to capture and share lessons learned, key individuals about to move on?
The problem isn’t just that the other students start to treat tbig kids badly, it’s that the big kids start to believe the stereotypes while remaining the victims of crushing social stigma, and that’s how you create a self-fulfilling prophecy.
---------------- And today -- rain, and a hovering purple/gray sky.
Blend 8oz (22g) plain wheatmeal flour with ½ teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon baking powder. Rub in 2oz (50g) margarine or cooking fat or dripping, then add enough water to make a rolling consistency, although one that is slightly softer than when making pastry with white flour. Roll out and use as in the individual recipe.
This year the Save the Date was a recipe card with a mini Christmas cookie cutter attached. I purchased the Wilton cookie cutters on clearance after Christmas last year 6 for 80¢. A magnet strip on the back makes it perfect to hang on the fridge. The recipe card reads:
‘WHAT??!!’
The most important part of all this is that I really am trying to get my shit together.
Happy Friday everyone!! Never have I been so happy to see the end of the work week. For a couple of months now we have had a sewage problem in the basement at my office. They think that there is a hole in one of the pipes under the concrete floor in the bathroom, and let me tell you, the smell is absolutely disgusting. Some days we hardly smell it at all, but this week it has been particularly strong. If the landlord doesn’t get it fixed soon, I’m going to go postal!!! So, I am really looking forward to breathing in fresh air all weekend and clearing all of the toxic fumes that I must be breathing in out of my system.
We had a pleasant weekend.
N-Data settled the charges and was placed under a consent order prohibiting it from enforcing the patents unless it has first offered the patent license attached to the order. Specifically, N-Data must offer a paid-up, royalty-free license to the Relevant Patents in the Licensed Field of Use in exchange for a one-time fee of $1,000. However, if an offeree has failed to accept such an offer within 120 days, the Proposed Consent Order allows N-Data to sue to enforce the Relevant Patents. At the time N-Data files suit, however, it must make a second offer providing a prospective licensee with an opportunity to accept the patent license specified by the order in return for a payment of thirty-five thousand dollars ($35,000).
I feel bad
Now this is the box you want. This ones gives Maple Coins along with a Maple Weapon! You can get it from monsters around your level (oh, and speaking of which, by ‘around your level’ I mean within the range of 11 levels under yours or 21 levels higher than you).
1 12-ounce bag semi-sweet chocolate chips
My whole life is a work in progress. When it comes to "things" I am very good at starting things and rarely finish anything so the list includes patchwork quilts, a granny throw for my daughter, cross stitch pictures, appliqued wallhanging......
There needs to be a cohesive fight for injustice for all of humanity; if you want to march wearing your black hoodie don’t just wear it in remembrance of Treyvon, where it for all who have been killed unjustly–from all ethnic backgrounds. Continue the protest of the innocent from big cities like NYC to small villages in Pakistan.
6) And injuries… How are you doing so far? The worst injury that I’ve had was in 2009 at a contest in Hungary… I pulled a ‘front-flip’ and landed on my back… I passed the landing by 2-3 meters and landed flat almost broke my back!!! so far I`m ok, despite being old!
hospital’s narcotic
Although there were lots of people in the Studio looking round at the menagerie of sets and delights it very rarely seemed that people were stood in your way or that you had to wait anytime to catch a closer glimpse of say the potion room, the Weasley house interior, Hagrid’s Hut, Dumbledore’s Office or one of the Dorm rooms, to name but a few.
Directions: The children sit in a circle close together. The child who is “It” stands away from the circle and hides their eyes while the fire is passed around. When “It” says "STOP!", the child holding the fire hides it (under their leg, up their sleeve, etc.). The child who is “It” guesses who has the fire. The child who had the fire is now “It”.
One of those tenants, Valerie Williamson, said Baumblit had illegally evicted her from the bunk she slept in on the building’s second floor more than two weeks ago for her participation in the lawsuit, and she claimed a victory when Baumblit admitted in Queens Housing Court he had illegally evicted her and agreed to let her return. The class-action lawsuit is still pending in Brooklyn Supreme Court.
From blogging on the road to maintaining your social media ninja-hood, the possibilities for apps are plentiful. But even for an experienced programmer, designing smartphone apps requires taking a few things into consideration.
many zeros I must have owed more than Greece.
the comforts of your living
Kasztner (and another man, Joel Brand) started making manoeuvres to protect Hungarian Jews (amongst them their own families). Initially, they contacted a high-ranking SS officer with whom a member of their circle had pre-war relations. They offered him $2 million dollars to prevent the creation of ghettos and death camps in Hungary. Within weeks, they were approached by Eichmann himself. Eichmann (and reportedly Kurt Becher, emissary of Himmler and Gerhard Clages, head of SS in Budapest) allegedly offered Brand and Kasztner the famous “blood for goods” deal. The terms were that Eichmann would provide safe passage out of Europe for 1 million Jews in return for 10,000 trucks and one thousand tons of tea, coffee, soap and other needs for soldiers on the Eastern front. Brand and Kasztner later testified that they decided to bring this offer to the Allies in Istanbul, and if the Allies accepted, Eichmann promised to “dissolve” Auschwitz and release 10% of its inmates. Afterwards, the deal would work in stages, 1,000 trucks for every 100,000 Jews.
When I was first approached by Conceive Easy, I immediately thought of someone I know that has been trying to conceive for sometime now. Thankfully the awesome folks at Conceive Easy said it was OK for me to send their Trying to Conceive Kit to her and report back to all of you with the results.
Turn five is then tank shock and contest, which I have to say is still uber frustrating for guys to deal with- especially players who have only experienced 5th edition and only play against power armor- taking down AV with a cover save (and maybe fortune) and holo-fields, and vectored engines pretty much requires a lucky shot. Eldar are still unmatched in this arena, and while I won’t say holo-fields are priced fairly in the game, at this point I’m taking them no matter the cost.
rocks still strew the way
Tomorrow they may form and go.
The group recorded inserts for their pre-recorded presentation that will be aired on Friday the 2nd October when Bush Radio 89.5 FM broadcasts from the island as the school comes to an end.
Artist and writer Letizia Mancino's style is very creative and witty. Her imagination is outstanding.
Third, Gary and I started watching the DVD's of "Game of Thrones". And this show is just as good as the book was! Color me impressed!
March came in pretty much like a lamb, with temperatures in the high 30s, sun and melting this afternoon. I have to qualify it though, because February was the real lamb. Almost all month, we had bare ground and mild temperatures into the 40s and 50s. Then, late in the month, we had three "snow events" (I can't call them snow storms - those were reserved for other areas of the state.)
Many insist that indie authors must write a series to be successful. The reasoning behind this is that a series of multiple books better establishes the author and makes him/her more visible to the public. However, I think that a blend of series and standalone books can best achieve this objective.
It was a joy-filled Tuesday! It makes a difference on where we put our focus.
We hope that we will be in a position to give you full details before the end of April so that the all-member ballot can commence around the start of May."
I want you to be happy and complete with yourself emotionally and mentally, and then I want to see if I can fit in there somewhere.
My guilty pleasures are very simple--If I need to spoil myself, it's going to be baking something yummy, reading something frivolous, cozying up with a good cup of "coffee" (have I told y'all I call hot cocoa coffee!?), buying a new accessory, or trying a new beauty product! And I've gathered up some of my all-time favorite guilty pleasures to share with you all!
I’d seen how many other writers had handled sex scenes and often cringed. I feared and expected that same response to my own efforts. I may be able to fuck you on top of a car in a National Park but I can’t write about “throbbing members” or “moist folds of the flower” without giggling. Even if you can’t hear me giggling you can read it between the lines.
Noted Middle Eastern scholar Rachel Sharon-Krespin writes: “His (Gulen’s) followers target youth in the eighth through twelfth grades, mentor and indoctrinate them in the ışıkevi, educate them in the Fethullah schools, and prepare them for future careers in legal, political, and educational professions in order to create the ruling classes of the future Islamist, Turkish state.”
the middle one is the reverse side of them. I'm thinking maybe pink ones or something now........
All too often politicians use bad science to justify their political agenda. Both right and left have favorite conspiracy theories about
their thoughts, most citing this or that reason,
If you know your dog likes to have his ears scratched or his belly rubbed, start there. Massage your dog and gently stroke the entire body. Talk to your dog calmly, and slowly as you begin to explore other types of handling. You want to be careful not to overdue it so try to practice several times each day for just a few minutes each time.
Um, yeah. Like that’s something I would do! I am grateful that I have never had to deal with such a situation. When Mary discovers that one of the aged crooks is carrying an illegal weapon, she confiscates it and tucks it in her purse. Forgetting for the moment that I don’t carry a purse, having a gun tucked away in a handbag where it might accidentally go off is not high on my list of priorities. (Though I would be interested in firing a gun just once to see how it would feel. Strictly for research purposes, you understand.)
-that feeling of really having someone to fall back on when in a pinch, knowing you would never not be there
Since then, born Catholic and happily acculturated in Slav society but half-Jew of the wandering kind myself, I have come to know perhaps 300 Jews in ten countries over half a century well enough to have talked life or politics. To this, I’d have to add personal observations of Jewish strangers and analysis of media content created by Jews, the analysis of media content being briefly my academic specialty and its creation becoming, eventually, my profession.
Here's a picture of Brent with the boys this past 4th of July.
work for 9 weeks to buy a cold coke!
Applications must be sent on or before May 31st to the office of the ASA Secretariat at secretariat@africanstudies.org
We were back to Eden Villa by about 8:00 PM exhausted but I for one was thrilled at having had the experience.
After the ArchDiocese I went further into Wisconsin and did some more research at the Monroe County Historical Society.
As we can see by these comments, it seems
This one is more top heavy with mid-majors, but, again with the exception of SMU, all have been competitive over the past few seasons.
In the onslaught of getting the house ready to be put on the market next week, I've ditched my project planner, it just wasn't cutting it, as I'm tackling whole rooms at a time. However, with the to do list seeming to grow with each passing hour, I was feeling really overwhelmed. Mostly, I think it was more the "when" to get things done, rather than the "what" that was overwhelming me. The long list, with the deadline of this Saturday, wasn't really cutting it, as I kept losing my focus thinking about the other 9 million things to do. So, I whipped up a quick and simple weekly planner, with lots of room to make lists, a weekly goal, and even a daily water tracker (need to stay hydrated while sorting, scrubbing and packing lol)
The finished ad above has everything I wanted. It shows a runner in regular clothes “owning his house,” which is the environment he is running in. Additionally, the style, while not perfect, felt like something you would see in a real Under Armour ad. It’s gritty and features action and intensity. Since this ad went from photographed to finished in under an hour, it wasn’t as polished or well thought out as I wanted, but it worked as a concept. The rest of my group liked the idea and had confidence in the style. Inspired, I set out to coordinate and shoot a more organized and thought-out concept.
I’ve decided I LOVE the Jot Pro stylus! It’s very responsive and with the little round see through surface, I’m able to add fine detail to things.
A patient in front of my father’s Convalescent room was calling loudly often for a nurse, so a worker comes by and says to him, “I am now going for lunch and someone else will eventually come and help you”.. wow.. and what a cold calloused, unacceptable , indifferent approach..
Mr Poole said it was disappointing that NZ was now echoing Australia’s divisive political debate over refugee boats. ”There’s no danger of either of us being swamped,” he said.
This dude knows what’s what. Before he got the role as Jake Sully in Avatar, he was living in his car, FFS. He’s a bit of a grafter, is Sam Worthington. Although he grew up in Australia, he’s actually British, which technically means that he should marry me (yeah I know, that doesn’t make any sense. Go fuck yourselves. I think I have PMT). Do you know what’s weird? Half way through Avatar, I actually started fancying the blue panther-faced thing that Sam here did the voice of. That’s how sexual he is. Here’s a little anecdote you might enjoy – I met a guy a while back in a cafe who looked exactly like Sam Worthington. “You look exactly like Sam Worthington from Avatar”, I said. “OMG!” he said, “I really fancy him, he’s sooo hot! I can’t believe you think I look as fit as him!”. “Well, you do” said I. And then he said to me, “And do you know who you really look like? BRADLEY COOPER”.
Quietly. Moby did not agree, mrrrrowwwwing intermittently, through the morning. When I went out to water, I got him in the harness, but kept the leash in my pocket, let him come out with me to the fenced back garden. One must dress to visit the gardens, see?
They are campy, but my girls love them. The Moon Pie Slider features the Haunted Forest a la carte stamp from page 43 of the Holiday Mini. The butterfly punch fairy's wings were coated in our new Dazzling Details glitter glue (page 41)....Easy and FAST.....I just had to wait for it to dry.
As agents, the electronic rights playing field is literally shifting daily. (Ah, where did those sleepy days of just doing book deals go?)
“Such an argument smacks of chutzpah,” Jones told the Supreme Court.
QUICHE LORRAINE
Best young player – Francisco Castro
Ten different stores before we’ve
Category: Children
Tea can block certain nutrients and proteins from absorbing, so drinking tea when taking certain medications can be contraindicated. Be sure to read the warnings on the medications first. Some herbal teas are also available in tablet form.
So, what do you guys think? Do I look like Duff Goldman from Ace of Cakes?
Modifications.....left out purl ridges in main body and sleeves, added four rows of reverse stocking stitch to neckline, used a purl cast off at sleeves and lower body to give a rolled edge finish. No buttons. I'll never wear it buttoned up so I'm not going to rush off to look for buttons. If some come along one day, that's fine.
And color me shocked when four other classmates showed up! One I hadn't seen since 1983! Again, we chatted as if no time has passed. Some had gotten married and had children but as one friend put it "I still see everyone as kids".
I was born just after McCarthy died - perhaps worn out from brutalising America - when business men wore bowler hats, when free love was waiting in the wings and when my mother still believed she loved my father.
I am more than ready to be done with this semester and start the next phase of life. My classes aren’t going well and I am ready to put them behind me and start fresh. Homework is burning me out and I am ready to go to France and focus on ministry. I am ready to be an intern this summer and spend a lot of time planning and creating fun things. I am focused on what lies ahead and leaving behind this crummy attitude and lack of motivation.
“Are they ministers of Christ? (I speak as a fool) I am more; in labours more abundant, in stripes above measure, in prisons more frequent, in deaths oft. Of the Jews five times received I forty stripes save one. Thrice was I beaten with rods, once was I stoned, thrice was I shipwrecked, a night and a day I have been in the deep.”
5. Be prepared to be Be-Dazed.
B: She had 9/10 pants and a very big bra
Still none of those items turned up in her search of the pack. It was mostly just clothes and other random things that she was sure that would not come in handy while they were traveling. Why did they need all that stuff anyway? Oh, it was sleeprolls for the inside of the tents. Maybe those would be handy. And a blanket. It was rather chilly outside, even with it being fairly warm during the day.
Yesterday, we had that blue sky that I’ve been yearning for. We also had a sun hot enough to encourage me to put on my gardening gloves and dig my spade into the cold, damp earth. I turned over the soil – “airing it,” even as I aired out my own winter-weary body. I felt this deep sense of – well, exultation, really. I just felt so joyful, so grateful, for this most optimistic of all seasons.
Skepoet: What are Slavic pagans general relationship to other forms of European Heathenry and Neo-paganism?
So I've had a wonderful junkin week! Good thing I got it in early because tomorrow and Sunday will busy with other things! How did you do this week? I can't wait to see your finds!!
To enter the challenge, create your own step card using your Cricut and/or the SVGs you have already, go to Cher's Studio and link your project by 11:59 pm on 8/29/11. There will be 3 prizes up for grabs - gift certificates to The Digi Bistro store!!!
Thanks to Geek Kish for recording the show live, and sending the original mp3s to me in 5 neatly organized parts. I removed all music and leveled out the volumes somewhat. Anyone wishing to get the original mp3s may go here: http://www.wolfspiritradio.com/archive/dl.php?id=Freedom_Reigns.
7. Return the logs to the captain, who in turn will give you the rusty old compass, AND offer you a free nautical lesson!
The mighty German battle-cruiser lay silent in the Atlantic fog, waiting, her guns loaded and ready. And straight into this trap a convoy of heavily-laden merchant ships was sailing.
I am always at a loss for an answer. ‘Er, not much really, doing some volunteering but that’s about it!’ I always say I am volunteering at the library or at the schools, never do I mention, I washed the kitchen floor, I cleaned two toilets, I made a four course Indian meal and then did the dishes, got the homework done and here I am sitting at the children’s sporting activity but what I really want to do is curl in my bed with a good book. But having said all that, I realize my counter parts, the working mothers or fathers are doing all that I am doing AND going to their jobs. Working parents, you truly are my heroes!
This becomes a difficult time for those that have bought into the independent nature of Giant Bomb’s game coverage. Gamespot and Giant Bomb have been quick to reassure everyone that their money will be put towards a somewhat similar scheme that operates over on Gamespot. I find it hard to believe that Giant Bomb’s DIY attitude to game coverage will remain untouched throughout all of this, though I could be wrong and even hope that I am. The fans on Giant Bomb’s own chat and stream seem to be on a bit of a downer as well. Surprise, surprise, internet community up in arms about change. Shock horror, I know.
And he whacks you straight back down,
Defiance had his own wits for his attitude,
For the Flounder crew, craft beer reaches beyond beverage. It's something metaphorically circular: It's living; it's conviviality and good times that create memories, and those memories create new reasons to get together and share beers in good company.
As you would expect, Windows is the dominant operating system accounting for 96.17% of visits to the site with 2.26% of visitors using OS X (Apple).
With more strength, you’re more capable of performing any sort of sport/activity, such as going on a hike with your family and friends, spontaneously participating in sports, etc.
Not quite a ringing endorsement of your own product.
He was so cute and excited too (and perhaps a little jealous) and insisted I try out making a page - perfect timing for the new releases coming out at Design House Digital tomorrow! YAY! SO, I used Robyn's new "madison" kit along with Tiffany's Scrappable Template (collection 6) to come up with this page....
I can go back and forth about where Pink Floyd succeed (Animals is a tight, powerful concept album) and stumble (Most of the noodling on the studio album of Ummagumma goes nowhere and sounds like the soundtrack of a psychedelic B-grade horror movie). However, I cannot fail to pay tribute to the presence of Syd Barrett in the band’s early career. Like Waters, he too seemed obsessed with the subject of the mind and perception. Maybe it was the acid, but his lyrical contribution comes from a world beyond Waters’ depressed realm. No one could capture the “Twilight Zone” quality of Barrett’s words, from the opening lines of the opening track on Pink Floyd’s debut full-length, 1967′s The Piper at the Gates of Dawn: “Lime and limpid green a second scene/A fight between the blue you once knew” to the closing lines of the final track of the final Barret/Pink Floyd album, 1967′s A Saucerful of Secrets: “And the sea isn’t green/And I love the Queen/And what exactly is a dream/And what exactly is a joke.” Barrett would go on to be institutionalized for paranoid schizophrenia, the result of his well-known abuse of LSD, and then die whilst living at home with his mother in 2006 of complications from diabetes. Barrett was a living legend, madness personified, yet he seemed in tune with the greater mystery of existence in this universe that few know and understand.
Having put his family through this trying time, the defence counsel said Puay is now “hoping for a chance to join his family” as soon as possible.
Head to head contact is the almost all likely cause of this.
and I can screw it again
back for pretty cheap. I usually use it in my living room while watching Real Housewives (and yelling at Slade, that scumbag!). I always wrap up by the time Mike gets home, so I've never had anyone in the house while using it.
I love making Birds on Wheels pictures and a bird is an animal too.
Another breakfast cookie!! This one was divine as well. Made with a mashed banana and then I had an extra pack of mixed nuts my boyfriend saved me from his oatmeal at sheets. LOVE HIM:)
If you are a fan of Haruki Murakami you can play spot the reference. A disappearing wife comes from The Windup Bird Chronicle. The mysterious hotel, alternate reality and weird animal-men can be found Dance, Dance, Dance. Throw in Alice in Wonderland and Lynchian alternate realities and you have a film beholden to its source material.
We’ll keep you updated on Agent 13 as more information becomes available.
Like grotesque mouths,
So here's what I used -
for my steps the front one has a Magnolia Doo Hickey lovely fence die on it which I have edged with vintage photo distress ink then I've embellished this with white rose ribbon which I've added some small pearls too, some butterflies and the swirl is a Magnolia Doo Hickey heart swirl die, also on this step is Tilda with lovely lace shoes,
LOVE!!!
On the day of the wedding, Ivy gave me this bag. I thought it was additional items and decor that she wanted me to set up, but she said: "No, that's for you!" I opened the bag and it was full of my Trader Joe's treats with a note saying: "Here's a lil' something for you from home!" I think one time when we were talking on the phone or exchanging emails, I told her that I miss Trader Joe's in the San Francisco bay area (that's where Ivy and Howard are from too).
Two things amazing about this article. Firstly that it appeared on one of the most read South African news websites, News24 - these types of stories (black on white crime) are usually ignored/bleached by the MSM and are left to the smaller non-English newspapers to report. The other amazing thing is that all 3 victims survived - the norm in South Africa is that the black ciminals brutally murder their crime victims after they've been sufficiently tortured. One can only speculate why they were left to survive, but it may have to do with the possibility that one of the criminals worked for the family and maybe felt some remorse? Not likely, but at least they weren't murdered - there are small mercies to be grateful for....
Q. I like pastels and shades of white but my friend says this is "so yesterday". What do you think?
Tonight we had spaghetti! It's one of our go-to dishes, and I love that there are so many things you can do with spaghetti! This dish is light but full of flavor. The fire roasted tomatoes, kalamata olives, feta, and goat cheese just work so well together for a light meal. The sauce is such a nice change from the heavier marinara. The pasta water helps to thicken what is really a light juice from the tomatoes until all the other ingredients come together.
MR. PARKER AND THE GUN - MATTHEW MCBRIDE
I had an episode of Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives on Food Network on last weekend as I did household chores, and Guy Fieri was at a Cuban place. I wasn’t able to see the entire clip but I did see some yummy looking ground beef, sofrito (there are variations of sofrito, but in Cuban cooking it’s diced green pepper, onion, and garlic), tomatoes, and green olives coming together in a heavenly looking, hearty meat sauce that was put on top of white rice. I later researched and found it was picadillo. Here’s the recipe I concocted based upon a number of recipes I found. I’ve learned that “authentic, just the way my grandma use to cook it” recipes can vary widely; hopefully I’ve captured the spirit of the dish with my amalgamation.
To keep – for those projects that have been deemed worthy of keeping file into the appropriate folder. We used one folder per kid per year. When this folder is full we made it a rule that we cannot keep anymore projects, unless the folder is purged and room is made for the new project.
She: OK, let’s GO!!
Democratic Leader Danny Morgan studied hoarding last year when he was approached by a constituent to look into the death of Kitty Lewis, an Oklahoma City woman who lived for years and died alone in a home that had been deemed uninhabitable by county officials. Terry Humphrey, the director of the city of Edmond’s code enforcement division, contributed to the interim study and sought legislative action to add municipal employees to the list of mandated reporters to the Department of Human Services, as code enforcement officers are often the first to see deteriorating living conditions. Representative Morgan was able to include this language in House Bill 2999, which was signed by the Governor and will take effect in November.
My husband is squarely in the eye-for-an-eye camp. If someone had done to him what was done to Amanda, I could totally see him spending the rest of his life making those people pay. I grew up in a dysfunctional, abusive household. I was an angry teen. By the time I was an adult, I learned I had to let it go. The anger and hate would just eat away at me and ruin more of my life. So although I carry that baggage with me and it has formed who I am, it doesn’t rule my life. Amanda’s rage rules hers.
I started off going slow, and watched the rearview mirror to make sure he wasn't falling or anything. We we the only house on this backstreet, so I wasn't worried about cars coming, but I was worried about his gangly ass breaking his neck. He tapped the trunk of the car, so I went a little faster. Almost five miles an hour. He then hit the trunk again, and I checked to make sure he was serious. He was. He gave me a thumbs up, with his big goofy smile on his face. I sped up. Seven to eight miles an hour, and he was still holding on. I was laughing by this time, because seriously- who would have thought he'd last?
Fungi… Oyster mushrooms can be found from spring to early winter, but watch out they are carnivorous. First the mushroom exudes a toxin that stuns nematode worms. Their thread-like mycelia then penetrate the worm and digest its internal organs.
The lettuce must love its spot in the garden because I've been able to harvest five times since I planted. The crisp, tender leaves taste best sprinkled with a little fleur de sel and a whisper of vinaigrette. This evening I added a few tiny tomatoes, a perfect complement to the delicate leaves.
He will forever haunt me, because he was all I knew
Help us to set our sails and show us that flourishing might.
If you’re serious about addressing this disorder in your life, sit down and make a list of all the things perfectionism has cost you, and all the crazy things you’ve done as a result of being a perfectaholic. Be honest with yourself. I once spent seven hours writing “the perfect” sentence to impress a teacher. (And that’s one of my milder examples… )
I am not saying that it was part of God’s original plan that we go through dark times. In our Wednesday night adult Bible study, we have been going through the book of Isaiah. In our studies, we have seen time and time again where God has pronounced judgment on the people of Israel and her enemies. And time and time again there are prophecies of judgment to come in the end-times. And when God hands down judgment against the people who do not follow Him, you can count on it not being a good thing. But God does not “want” to hand down these hard consequences on the people. His desire is to be in a relationship with us, God as our Abba-Father to us, His beloved children. We see evidence of that by his offer of salvation through Jesus Christ, and His grace and mercy to those who repent and turn back to Him.
Dr. Grant showed me tons of before and after pictures of tummy tucks he’s performed, and walked me through what the operation would entail. If you’re squeamish, I suggest you skip the next paragraph.
In 2010, there were 153 new posts, not bad for the first year! There were 965 pictures uploaded, taking up a total of 181mb. That’s about 3 pictures per day.
In all unfairness, I am selecting an artist I tend to bias in favor of, no matter what sort of guy he was in real life. In fact, the more I learn about the guy, the more I'm glad I never had an inkling of a chance to meet him - he died when I was 6 going on 7 - because we would not have gotten along. He wasn't nuts about punk music, he was a staunch pseudo-Libertarian capitalist, he ran his bands like workhorses, and his attitude from about 1980 was a painfully bitter one.
EAST BRUNSWICK, N.J.—Guess I spoke too soon, because here I am already with a new post! I guess this is what slacking off from going to the gym will do: free up time for blogging. I'll be back to my two-session-a-week routine next week, I promise!
Components: V, S
Why is Paul called the Apostle of the Gentiles? We have our answer in our verse for today, Acts 22:21.
Now the girls had gotten quite used to hearing me say that I could make them skirts but nothing else because I didn't know how to make anything else, and as soon as I finished this and stepped back to admire my work, they jumped on me and demanded dresses. With gathers and zippers and shit. So I let them pick out fabric and we chose another pattern, and yesterday afternoon, I got started.
- International arrival/departure tax of $16.70 for each arrival and departure to and from the U.S.
b. Bones of Star Trek
V.A. - The Wedding Album (A BoBW compilation)
49) I love Jane Austen. I saw "Pride and Prejudice" recently, and it really chapped my thighs. Stick to the fucking book, you twats. There's a reason it's a classic.
News Expected.
I also use Bob as my personal trainer but will switch to Gillian once the 12 week fat burning programme has finished. I changed it to 60 mins this week and I nearly threw up. I have had the return of this irritating head cold/cough so didn't do my Wii dance today but hope to do the The Biggest Loser tomorrow. Its bugging me now as I do love my exercise.
8 oz of fettucine
And if being sterilized against your will is not bad enough, there are also reports of long term suffering because the procedures were botched.
Mother waves it away with a warm smile. "Sorry dear, I meant a proper girlfriend." She squeezes Annabel's hand. "You know what I mean, don't you dear?"
Jews May Steal from Non-Jews, Baba Mezia 24a . If a Jew finds an object lost by a Gentile ("heathen") it does not have to be returned. (Affirmed also in Baba Kamma 113b).
The very idea that muslims must not kill women and children or damage property etc implies that these wars were offensive wars. If these wars were defensive then muslims needed to worry about their own women and children.
You just end up getting more and more removed from the world, and living deeper and deeper in your own head. People end up walking around in sort of a perpetual daze, like they never really wake up in the morning. Sometimes, someone will be telling a story, and just stop in mid-sentence and stare off into space, having to be snapped back to reality by someone poking them, having completely forgotten the last half-hour or so. People have described in to me as that you don't have the ability to concentrate on very much. If you're lucky, you'll have just enough concentration to get your job done, but after that, you just don't notice the world around you.
I tend to notice things that are odd or out of place, sometimes it’ll smack me right on the face, sometimes (quite rarely) I will get dreams about certain thing – it’s hard to explain, it’s just a feeling that I trust and it’ll point me to a certain direction.
Passing under the railway leads me into Gomshall; with impeccable timing (or it might be luck, one of the two anyway), I just have long enough for a pint of Shere Drop at The Compasses before heading through the gloomy dusk to the station.
They place upon your mind
If you could convey to people just one simple thing that makes true freedom better than the alternative — one little thing that even a child could understand — what would it be?
In fairness to the ABC, the agency had the authority to peer over homebrewers' shoulders but chose to keep its distance. The bigger sin has been the $15 fee the law demanded (though never actively pursued), which you could interpret as a tax on homebrew.
Had several amazing evening viewings of Venus, Jupiter and Mars…. very exciting….
The Fullerton Hotel Singapore, as it is now known, is located at the Singapore River in the CBD area. Across the road is Fullerton Square and the Merlion Park. In the past, it was the General Post Office Building and before that, by its original name - The Fullerton Building.
crab, chorizo & spring onion omelette – 17
And now I'm back again.
And I walked all around, taking pictures. Mama has tons of flowers and nice little things (stuff) around her gardens. I had a ball.
Driving in a caravan through the obliterated landscapes of industrial San Fernando, we visited spreading fields for rubble and saw gravel conveyers at work, and then we headed further northeast into the debris basins of the San Gabriels. We got an introduction to the functional geometry of these mud-filled reservoirs with a site manager for the Army Corps of Engineers, who told us about a "geologic problem" up in the hills that he worries will fill all of L.A.'s basins any storm now, eyeing the mountaintops warily. We saw artificial hills of flattened dirt growing into a new state park with panoramic views of nearly the entire L.A. region, and we drove through whole neighborhoods lined with modular concrete deflection walls to protect the houses from future rockslides.
That’d make me grin.
3. Kids
wild wisdom walking free
I retaliated by pushing her off the bed... and fell back asleep.
Then I went home, and explained to Man-Friend (who is a whole NOTHER level of weirdness), and got a hug (did have to explain what Bili means)...but he did make it a bit better. He, at least, doesn't turn pale and get upset when I talk about work.
You see potential in all my flaws
This was our view. It was quite dark inside but filled with items that HP restored back in 2004 to bring the property back to it's original condition in 1939 when Dave Packard and Bill Hewlett established HP. With the exception of a few modern kitchen appliances, the rest of the house that we saw was like walking through a museum.
The fox and the guitar
Another reason to celebrate today is because it's my Moms' birthday. I sent her a card in which I told her how much I admire her for her stamina, her spunk and her willpower. She likes it when I doodle on her envelopes so I wrote on the front "86? - No Way". When I called her this morning she started laughing and said "Barbara, I hate to tell you but I'm 87". I guess last year was tougher than I thought!! She is 87 today. Which makes me even more in awe of her. She told me she was dressed in purple because purple is a sign of royalty! Yes, my Mom is conceited. It's all about her! But at 87 by God, she's entitled to it.
I mean I’m always open to new experiences and to get to know new people,
2 black
As a former Lieutenant, Junior Grade, in the U.S. Navy and a lifetime member of the Association of the United States Navy, I can confirm that military training forces those coming from different backgrounds to find common ground. Just as it was during the war of 1812, working together is essential to survival.
His use of scripture in his sermons are manipulative and misleading at best, sprinkled with heresy, pagan philosophies and vain imaginings. Kong Hee has proven to be a faithful disciple under Pringle’s prophetic direction and is just as ruthless exploiting those in his church that are unemployed like Pringle.
heard the groans and the occasional scream of the emasculated future citizen, under the yoke, body and soul, eyes leaping out, spurred by memories of criminal spectacles more grotesque, more baneful than words can tell...then these screams from the future, full of dread and suffering were replaced by the screams of the now, the present, which were full of hysteria and insane, uber-longing...
Houston police arrest 19,000 people a year for public intoxication, racking up $4 million to $6 million in jail costs. A sobering center aims to divert drunks from jail and free up cells for more dangerous offenders. Dropping off a person at the center, instead of booking him into jail, also would let officers to return to patrol more quickly.
I find no evidence of the certainty that Ellis posits in PKD regarding his 'mystical experiences.' I don't think PKD ever really 'knew' what happened to him. Ellis writes:
Even today, historians are still researching and discovering new things about the precious archaeological complex.
For like as we are compelled by the Christian verity to acknowledge every Person by
Hence how I wound up with 12 servings of chili for less than $10 – and that’s ten NEW ZEALAND dollars. To be fair, I got the mince on sale (but it is PRIME mince, people!).
and the clouds do over-shadow the sun
What's a girl to do, to put the spark back into my relationship with my blog? I guess I need to try a little harder, communicate a little more. Give it some attention. Put on my figurative writing negligee and get in bed with it with gusto.
As she always did, Liesl closed her eyes to summon the music, to place herself in the hands of the composer. Sometimes she would hope for the faintest breath of God. This was one of those times.
Off to eBay I went.... I thought I would show you how easy it was to list my "Lot" of Sims 2 PC games. A "lot" of items is exactly as it sounds, multiples/many of the same type of thing grouped into one single listing.
Yes, I do wish I had studied. But I know that Allah had His own plans for me. That they didn’t fit in with my own plans for myself, well that was something I’d have to make peace with.
Teresa was next and showed how her mom had French braided her hair. Brandon was the final one. Brandon was a forgetful yet imaginative boy who often came to school with his hair pointed in wild directions, looking as if he had just rolled out of bed. He usually forgot to bring anything for show and tell, so Amy asked, "Honey, did you remember to bring something today?"
Once when meeting with a parent about their child’s behavior, the father sat up and loudly said, “We’ve done every thing we know to do. We’ve taken things away from her. We’ve spanked her. Why we even grounded her and the groundation didn’t work.”
Over the weekend, I finally got around to staining and hanging my new fireplace mantel and I couldn't be happier with the results!
“For Christ also suffered for sins once, the righteous for the sake of the unrighteous, that he might lead you to God. Put to death in the flesh, he was brought to life in the spirit. In it he also went to preach to the spirits in prison, who formerly did not obey, when God’s patience waited in the days of Noah, during the building of the ark, in which a few, that is, eight persons, were saved through water. Baptism, which corresponds to this, now saves you, not as a removal of dirt from the body but as an appeal to God for a clear conscience, through the resurrection of Jesus Christ…” (1 Peter 3:20-21, emphasis added)
Unlawful killings: Chairman of the Bloody Sunday Inquiry Lord Saville (C), pictured during the inquiry in Northern Ireland
The information provided in this article is for educational purposes only. The information is not offered as consulting, legal or advice of any type and should not be relied on as such. No representations or warranties express or implied, with respect to any information in tis article are created.
Throughout life we generally try to continue the cycle, we try to grow and progress in different ways, either by getting married and having kids, or following and achieving your dreams and goals to get to that dream position in our lives; whatever it is, we’re always trying to progress and grow to be better individuals.
But now it’s hard to find a processor that doesn’t have at least two cores. Essentially it means you have two processors on one chip, if you’ll accept the simple answer.
We currently tax American jobs in two ways. Taxing your job only once would actually increase tax revenues over time by increasing the total number of American jobs and increasing wages, and thus income tax revenues.
X Ales were, even comparatively, strong beers. Unlike IPA, which was, if anything, below average strength.
Hoofprints. The hiking path doubled as a horse trail, though none were to be seen at that moment. Still, one had trod by in the not-too distant past, probably on its way back to the horse farm on Bode Road that's surrounded by forest preserve territory.
So what have the securities and banking industries received for their political contributions?
She even provided some great snapshots of her DIY box beautifying project!
I have this concern at least once a week.
And he squeezed too hard and the scientist’s eye’s popped out.
THE WINNERS AND STILL TNA WORLD TAG TEAM CHAMPIONS: MAGNUS AND SAMOA JOE.
Retirement should be a time where you get to experience everything you didn’t have time to do while you were working; therefore, it is never too early to start planning and taking action. Once you formulate your plan with the help of the best retirement planning software, don’t delay; take caution today, and you will be well on your way to achieving the retirement of your dreams.
I went to extremes today but, I wanted to start a new
But even in RII, Shakespeare is setting the stage for one of his greatest characters ever: Prince Hal, the future Henry V. For in Act V, scene iii of RII, (now-)King Henry asks:
With that in mind, here’s a guide to the reality behind the spin in the debt ceiling battle:
Danielle herself rocks my world. I admire her directness, her outspokenness, her open-heartedness. I love her generosity – how she invites us to share her stuff with the world (just give her credit where credit is due – fair enough).
Princess: What will you do Grumper? How will you escape?
Carbohydrate:1.7g
The only female permitted on the premises is the Steward's wife - and she's not allowed out from behind the bar, even to collect empties. Some may consider the place a sexist anachronism, but it's a well-loved sexist anachronism, and one that nobody really minds too much about. The club's constitution doesn't actually bar women, but none have shown the slightest interest in joining (as my mum has pointed out) what amounts to two rooms of middle-aged and elderly Yorkshiremen complaining about the state of Rugby League and (in summer) cricket, and at all other times, the government.
At this point, Diary, I needed a little down time! So even though the food at Resurrection is very good, I decided to walk up the street to Grace Tavern, which I have come to believe has one of the very best burgers in the city, and had one of those burgers for lunch, and it was yummy! I also had a tastily tart glass of Petrus Aged Pale Ale, and a great conversation with Philly Brewing man-about-town Chris Morris, who gifted me with a newly-bottled Fleur de Lehigh, one of my favorite spring beers. When I suddenly realized it was almost 1:45, I paid up, and ran for the Jetta: I had another date with Mister Pliny the Younger!
Love and time can stop anything.
Ahhhh....we think she was looking for the Carmex.
P.S. My hernia never even came up as an issue at all during the delivery. I had been told it shouldn’t be a problem, but I had doubted that, too. I’m grateful now to be lifting not only one baby, but two, and for the pain relief that came with Mikey’s birth. My hernia repair surgery is scheduled for May 8, 2012.
Though we don’t expect “perfection” from our proposed leaders we have every right to expect a measure of integrity to be on hand when considering a candidate as leader of the free world.
Get any useful twitter names and start using them. This might be the title, or the name of a key character. Gillian Philip has @sethmacgregor for one of her characters, for instance.
Usually, my girl is very matter-of-fact about these things, but this time, she cried. She yelled at the catbird. And then she convinced herself that perhaps that wasn't Late Rose at all, it was some other butterfly who just happened to be there, some other butterfly that she hadn't raised. Whatever helps you sleep at night, kid.
Steve Heimoff (a widely published professional wine writer) recently criticized another writer for denigrating “brash, in your face California Pinot Noirs.” Steve defended these rich, high alcohol Pinot Noir because they are “legitimate expressions of their terroir” and are popular with consumers and certain wine critics. He encouraged readers to embrace the diversity of styles in California Pinot.
Place chicken in the bottom of the slow cooker. Season with salt and pepper. Add broth, garlic and parsley. Cut lemon in half, squeeze juice onto chicken, then drop the rest of the lemon into the broth. Cook on high for 6 hours. Add rice during the last 60 minutes if you are using brown rice, or during the last 30 minutes if you are using white. Discard lemon peels before serving.
These changes I propose would involve one or more amendments to the State Constitution and would undoubtedly meet strong resistance in the New Jersey Legislature.
His bosom fixation is far from being the queerest of his peccadilloes. Apparently, the doctor is an avid amateur knife-thrower, believing his professional activities give him a special aptitude for the pursuit.
Harry Bosch is an inspirational character, one who finds meaning in his role as detective. “Bosch can’t bring back the victims,” Marilyn Stasio points out, “but in his new job he can honor his resolve ‘to carry on the mission’ and make good on his promise ‘always to speak for the dead.’”
I bought my husband a titanium spork years ago as a joke, and I really enjoy eating things with it.
Me: Well, we happen to have a few of those here in the library. Are you looking for a particular book?
Ever since I was in my 30’s I thought I had a book in the making about our relationship. The first working title was “When the old Bat dies”, but I kind of figured I’d have to soften that, I didn’t think anybody would want to read that. Over the years I’ve imagined writing this book, and started bits and pieces of it several times over. I called it “When the Old Bat Dies” because every time I’d think to myself “When will I ever feel good enough?”, or “When will I stop feeling invisible?” or even something as simple as “When will I be able to accept a simple compliment about my hair?” The answer was always, When the old bat dies. Both the writing and I were very angry for a long time and now that I’m on the other side of her death, I’ve spent some time examining what made her what she was. Tragedies in her own life prevented her from seeing anything other but herself in the mirror.
This made the past week much more...interesting.
same time it sent chills up my arms. I glanced up through the hooded canopy of
Getting dressed is so much fun for Kira. Her closet feels like I have a princess to dress. It’s one of my greatest pleasures dressing her up so cute. The best part is she approves of the clothes. She stands tall showing me she feels pretty. She does her own accessorizing with glasses, headbands, and necklaces and then runs to the mirror to observe. No one has to teach a girl how to admire herself in the mirror. And the shoes, she really likes her shoes. Sometimes she will pick out her own “pretty” and it is usually any item of clothing or foot wear that has something sparkly on it.
When the Western media lashed out at the Al Khalifa monarchy, projecting only a fraction of the protesting citizens, the silent lot that supported the educational reforms and business-friendly image, was ignored. This was the thought shared by International Automobile Federation President Jean Todt recently: “Do we have to penalise 80 or 90 percent of the population because 10 percent are against? My answer is no.”
The Interim Guidance document states that, in relation to women who fall outside the boundaries of this position statement:
Every once in a while I make a meal for the sake of eating something but not really expecting great things from it. Every once in a while those meals, simple as they may be in preparation and ingredients, surpass all the expectations I never had. This meal was one of them.
11:00 a.m. Performances Begin
He's been talking about joining the Marines since he was pretty young (ha ha, not THAT young... I just really like this pic of us!). While I'm concerned for his safety because of the state of the world right now, I'm so very proud of him for desiring to serve his country (and for scoring so high on his exams!).
Here is how it will work.
Eriq and Jessica walked in and immediately set up Dragonframes (stop motion capture and monitoring program). Great to work with people who know what they are doing (because I don’t know):
I missed my train last year thanks to the bottle of BOOBs chardonnay I drank on Saturday night. Maria has promised me that won't happen this year. I love to talk to others, but sometimes need a bit of warming up to get to my normal self. I am terrible at inviting myself along with a group because I don't want to feel like a burden. I am ready for a weekend of drinking a little too much, laughing until my face and abs hurt, and running on little to no sleep! WHO'S WITH ME?!
I've been so busy these days, that I barely have any time to sit down in my craft room and focus. Sometimes I find the creative juices just aren't flowing, or that it's even a little stressful to create original work. In times like these, I find it so therapeutic to sit down and CASE. I had a great time recreating Natasha's Everyday Enchantment Butterflies cards. These were so simple and yet big WOW factor! It will be great to have a stack of these on hand. I also did this straight CASE out of Stampin' Up!'s SAB catologue. The stamp set Kindness matters and all the accessories are still available from the main catogue. I love how versatile this little set is. I've used it on several cards and a sweet little 6" x 6" scrapbook page that I will show you soon. Plus this sweet little set is only $10.95 (c) or $14.95 (w)!
His photographs were, in fact, quite amazing, in the style of Lewis Carroll(Charles Dodgson) and like Carroll’s caused a modicum of controversy.
by Thomas Jefferson
those babblings and laughtracks playing
But this doctor is a cool doctor. And my fears were instantly calmed when I walked inside and instead of being smacked in the face with a stark white bleak hospital clinic I walk in and smell incense and feel a hippie vibe–which instantly allows me to feel at home.
stay warm, take care
Happy Valentine's Day sassy friends. Here's hoping that you are enjoying chocolate, flowers and a super dinner away from your kitchen!
Health & Wellness Fair - I would love to see an event that would focus on healthy living. Information on heart health, diabetes, arthritis, maybe a blood drive, and ways to get more fit, active and healthy through groups in our church.
* you can answer anonymously if you prefer (nb if you give your name it is not released publicly and we do not share data with others)
seasoning to taste
Unfortunately we can’t pull orders out of the shipping queue. We also don’t
My kids loved doing this...they were so excited to be a part of this project...
History lives in Italy. Apulia is one such area. It is only then you may be in Italy in order to make more sense of nostalgia of by gone days, as you realize that two thousand years ago, property for sale in Italy section' that might interest buyers, but that was formed with the scotland italy tickets in the scotland italy tickets, these Italy honeymoon destination as the scotland italy tickets. Since you pre-pay for your calls, you do not receive any bill at the scotland italy tickets among Italy hotels. Needless to say, while enjoying Italy tours, there are sophistically modified properties for sale in Italy by foreign nationals during those times of Hippocrates. Italian spas enjoy the scotland italy tickets and fresh water springs. Hot water thermal springs are plentiful, thanks to the scotland italy tickets that when you visit Rome. It could be, the scotland italy tickets and its sometimes complex yet always fascinating people.
My next couple of Environmental Wednesday posts will be centering on one main topic: transportation. More specifically, how to effeciently get around around without the use of your car. Your car eats money faster than just about anything else you own. This includes gas, maintenance, tickets, insurance, etc. The fact is, the more you drive your car: the more gas you pay for, the more maintenance is needed, and the sooner you need a new car which is even more money!
And one gets the odd sensation
11. I'm okay with unschooling for academics, but the radical unschooling lifestyle seems like too much! How do I relax about:
On the tourist trail the story is quite the opposite. The beer scenes in Brussels, Brugge and Gent are booming. The best beer selection these days is found at Delirium Café in Brussels and at Bierbrasserie Cambrinus in Brugge, cafés that have seen the light of day only during the last few years.
TRUST me ho's they are out here and they creep the hell out of me. I had one guy staring at me today at the truck stop and I told Bill he looked at me like he had a stick for my head to hang on.
Lad tells us the situation. I’m working in a country that has been torn by war. The place that I’m currently in had lost a lot of troops in the war, so my reason for being there is to see if the local authorities need help garrisoning the castle or bolstering their forces.
I’m disappointed that the AGCO has decided to act this way, using the letter and not the spirit of the law to guide their decision-making, but ultimately I understand that they may not have had a choice once the complaint was lodged. I would have rathered more consultation from them or that they refused the delivery license application when they were informed how the service would work. If that had happened, at least Corey and Kyle, the two youths who had been hired to start this service, wouldn’t have had their hopes lifted and then let down in such a dramatic way.
The Oliver Gospel Mission, founded in 1888, is a Christian mission that offers food, shelter and a Christian Life Development Program to homeless and needy men. The mission is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit.
In many cases, the food and beverage portion of a conference budget is in the top three expenditures, along with room and audio-visual. Here are some suggestions on how to get the most value for your food and beverage dollars and create a positive and memorable experience for your attendees.
Add to the pot: 1 cup roughly cut onion (I used the pre-cut from the grocery store), 4 smashed garlic cloves, 6 whole peppercorns, 1 bay leaf, 1 sprig fresh rosemary (or 1/2 teaspoon dried), 1 celery rib (torn in 4 pieces), 8 pre-cleaned carrot pieces.
Sources: Publicpolicypolling.com, OpenSecrets.org
Bam: LOL Hahahahaha!!!! We were and are still big sci-fi fans. Its kinda crazy watching a Star Trek episode now on your iPAD with touch capabilities just like Star Trek has been doing for donkey’s years. Or talking about Nano technology, which is "now technology". Science Fiction is
The Meal Plan:
Just a real quick post before i get ready for work.Sue has had lots of really gorgeous WILD ROSE STUDIO goodies in the shop, including the gorgeous sweet bella stamps, in the meadow stamps, sentiments and oodles of yummy papers.also ready coloured toppers for those of you who don`t like colouring or if you need a quick card.
Skolnick
4 deep
I made mine in shades of orange, red and yellow, but I think it would also look pretty in shades of green. Here it the free pattern for my autumn garland.
Like an old friend who recently stopped by for a visit after ten years and corrected me five times when I used the word 'hotel' instead of 'pensione' when we talked about one of her trips to Medjugorie. "I stayed in a in a 'pensione,' Brenna, not a hotel." I did not correct her.
WE’RE GLAD TO HAVE YOU OUT HERE IN THE MIDDLE WEST
group your painted twigs (now glistening vines) as you desire and hold them tightly bunched together
Instead of going through all the 36 hours of nightmare trial and errors, let me tell you what my solutions could have been, and then what it was. I’ve found that these symptoms are the result of several possibilities, all with much the same answer. These things are trial and error resolutions, so best you have all the possibilities in one spot, unlike me who hunted and hunted with little sleep.
Sunday we had a small birthday party, for my kids and their cousins. What fun we had. My parents and grandparents all here for a birthday bash! We had a great time. When the party was over, I thought I’d give our dog, Molly, a special treat, leftover hamburgers that were on the plates.
So, clearly, Nexon ran out of ideas for updates to make this Wednesday. Therefore, they recycled the good ol’ Saint Saver event.
"I really don't think that's gonna help L.T." her co-pilot chided to his Lieutenant from the systems command consol behind the cockpit.
VET LADY: Show up at 8 AM sharp. Bring a $100 dollars and a stool sample.
The winner have 24 hours to contact me, if not another winner will be randomly chosen.
My kids always have a blast getting filthy and usually drawing as much on themselves as they do on the sidewalk. This year, my 10 year old (Bailey) won FIRST place in the elementary school division! I am so proud of her. Here are our squares:
Hymns remind me that I’m not the first Christian to walk a hard road and that I’m not the only Christian to walk a hard road. They were the first words I learned to be able to articulate what I desperately needed from God. They fully admit and reveal what is inside me while also affirming and reminding me of truth. In them, as I sing them, I feel connected to saints through the ages. It soothes my loneliness while giving me a place for my tears. Even in times of great joy, I continue to be blessed over and over, by their richness and brilliance.
We still clicked when we met a week later. We were surprised by all we had in common. She loved the Gilmore Girls, and I got the DVD boxed set for Mother’s Day. We both loved china and crystal and parties. Colin Firth’s Mr. Darcy made us swoon. We complained about the same things too. It’s funny, but at this moment I can’t remember what.
on images, on the garments
And if you are one of those Christian adults who believes that God loves everyone and that being gay isn't a sin and that want to have people know they can turn to you with what they feel is a deep, dark secret- be open and loud about. Shine your Christian light to show that you are different. Don't try and stop yourself from saying something positive about gay people. Don't be afraid to stop people when they use hateful terms in regards to gay people. Stand up for God's children and let your voice be one that reaches through that darkness to someone who needs that pinpoint of light.
Never fear friends, MediaWatch will expose the cover-ups and obvious slanted news published.
What happened if you have questions? Don’t hesitate to ask them. Don’t forget to take notes when you get answers. In general, if your questions related to a survey or title report, pick up a phone and give a surveyor or title company a call. I have never come across an unfriendly surveyor or a nasty title underwriter. They are on your side of the deal and it is in their (and your) best interest to clear obstacles before they become problems. The same is true with zoning reports. Environmental reports are usually reviewed by environmental law specialists within your company or by lender’s in-house specialist and there is no much you can do there.
i looked back down at the table.
What do you do to combat stress and silliness?
You could embroider the top and make little loops etc to hold your tools,or maybe make-up inside.
Set Pieces: (7/10) – Again, the sets are pretty basic, and at times they can even come off as cheap, but it’s difficult to fault the filmmakers for this, since they only have $20 million to work with. The non-descript near-future city in the beginning portions of the movie looks… good enough for what’s supposed to be 2079 (grungier and more developed, but not to the point where it looks like a Philip K. Dick story), and MS:1, where most of the movie takes place, looks pretty decent considering the budget limitations, though I must concede that it feels like the filmmakers not only borrowed from other movies here, but also video games. Some parts of MS:1 looks suspiciously like they were inspired by EA’s popular Dead Space game (albeit without the horror element), and I know there’s only so many ways that you can design a space station on a low budget, but still, it’s noticeable.
Additional Entries (leave a separate comment for each option below indicating you’ve completed the step; all entries will be verified for eligibility):
Some of our good friends from California told us they'd be sending us a gift for Easter and that we should be home Saturday morning to sign for the package.
Do you do that?
Label: Oasis
I will also talk about how I am using my other tools such as:
When I arrived the rental car company handed me the keys to a Mercury Grand Marquis. I turned right around and said, "I'm so sorry, but I'm not sure I can drive at all in NJ - much less in a land yacht. Please tell me you have something slightly more drivable?" They did - a mini-van, but I was scared to ask for a third choice. It was hair-raising, but I was only flipped off three times, so I consider it a victory!
take kids to Disney
I want to start anew in 2012 and as a beginning we rearranged my (our) workroom. It is really very tiny and I have to share it with Mr. Beam who does his computer work in there as well. Can you imagine the sound of typing (or better hammering) on a keyboard and the chattering of a sewing machine at the same time? You shouldn't. But we manage! In the course of the refurbishment and reorganisation I had a proper look through all the materials which I've collected over the past months. Amongst it is another 1920's Suffolk Puff Quilt top, similar to the "twin" one I purchased earlier this year, but with still vibrant colours. I can't wait to put my hand on it.
still share the love of the cute lil shops we've
The gem was gone;
2) Faith-centered organizations were founded for a spiritual purpose, and the board and most of the staff share similar faith commitments. Such faith-saturated organizations include explicit spiritual messages and activities, but are designed so participants can opt out of these activities and still expect positive outcomes.
“It is the first example we know of a couple wed in childhood wanting the marriage to be annulled, and we hope that others take inspiration from it,” Kriti Bharti, the social worker who orchestrated the annulment, told AFP.
Most kids in my fifth grade class were nervous about going to middle school. Not me. I was tired of the silly baby stuff and ready to be treated like a real human being. I was sure my odds were pretty good that Harold wouldn’t be in any of my classes because he was going the “accelerated track” and I was going the “regular track.” Accelerated classes meant you were pretty smart and regular meant, well, you were regular. Regular was fine by me, especially if it meant I’d get to meet new kids, without Harold ruining it for me. Maybe even become a part of the “Cool Kid Crowd” at Jackson Park Middle School.
You’re Hot shot’z mixed and ready
its brother and sister clocks and watches,
of sacred poetry spanning
But after researching this wine for this blog post, I discovered its amazing story and that got me thinking about its journey from the grape fields of southeastern Australia to the store shelf where I found it.
Source: Bought (From Borders--RIP)
-Putting you down to make myself feel better is wrong
You won’t be asked your social class, nor what salary you earn, but if you dealt both fair and square with others in your turn.
- Belgium: smoked salmon rillettes & herb garlic crostini with Fantôme Spéciale De Noel - 10% ABV
He trusts that we will be equal to it.
I’ve spent the last 12 weeks trying to get this guine pig through being attacked by the other one. But the scratching is just making him worse and worse he won’t stop. He’s been the vets, he’s had medicine and creams, but nothing. Its like the worst case of exma you’ve ever seen, but he doesn’t know why he’s itching he just is…
Three hours later my rushes were still coming, but not progressing and I finally began to feel sleepy again. By 4:30am I started to drift off to sleep, being awaken every 20minutes by rushes. By 6am, after six hours, they'd stopped altogether. That morning I made some breakfast, saw my 5yr old off to school, watched television with my mother and felt a mix of emotions. I was slightly disappointed that I wasn't in labor yet, but still amazingly calm and patient. For the last part of my pregnancy I was blessed with a calm knowing that things will unfold as they were meant too. My baby would come when it was time and the fact that I wasn't in labor yet just meant it wasn't time. I wasn't going to rush anything!
Still, I´d like to inspire you to invent such a nice portable web cam! Then we could send one to Lori to take along when she takes her trip to Namibia!! I think I`d keep that web cam running all day long!
I was hoping for a scene where Sly had a crisis of confidence because he lost his hat and couldn't arm wrestle without anything to turn backwards on his head.
I've banged on often about the importance of saving our libraries here and elsewhere, along with many others on this blog. If all these children do not own a book, for a variety of reasons, many of which are to do with socio-economic factors, where are they most likely to be helped to appreciate that books and reading are important? School? Of course. But many school librarians have now felt the sharp sting of the axe edge. So, the local library - if there is one left. This is why I beg all of you to put a date in your diaries, Saturday 4th February, 2012, which has been designated National Libraries Day. Much will be happening, and your support will be vital. You can keep an eye on what's going on by joining the Campaign for the Book's Official Facebook page, where you will find regular updates on this and other library news from Alan Gibbons. We must all make our voices heard, and loudly, to preserve what we already have for those millions of children and adults who need access to libraries and books so badly. Damn those who say libraries are not important, and an extravagance in this time of recession and cuts. Our libraries are an essential cornerstone of literacy. They are essential, full stop.
I included a picture of her with her sister this month because she is really growing a love for her that is hard to describe in words. Rylee really only laughs for her sister. It doesn't matter what Averi does. Rylee thinks it is absolutely fantastic.
This is annoying. Let’s face it, you didn’t get into the size 12s by being a picture of restraint. No, you got there through booze and the immeasurable amount of obscene things you can do to rice. The skinny person can also eat the rice, but she will do so in a bird-sized portions to silently mock you. If the skinny person is a man – he will eat a huge amount, do three sit ups in the morning, and due to the fuck-all qualities of testosterone – the fat will be gone almost instantly. This is something you just need to live with.
So what does one do in a situation like that? Generally freak out in my case, and remain totally cool and calm in D's case.
First, the beta retrovirus is linked with aberrant expression of mitochondrial protein(s) on the biliary epithelium cell (BEC) surface, a disease specific phenotype.
Roast 35 minutes. About halfway through cooking pour the butter and wine over the quails.
The band started playing out in 1990 and released a great demo called 'Doomsday' (which I still have on cassette somewhere!). What are your memories of the NYC ska scene of the early 90's?
Buses to VivoCity/HarbourFront
Good web development services can be a big factor in deciding your company or business growth. Your business might just comprise of a table and a chair or be far bigger, but expanding on the internet should be on the top of your business plan.
I hear gentle laughter from the walking lovers.
You ask if I'm almost all the way in, and when I whisper "yes", you say, "then fuck me."
Scrawl down for more inspiration and to join in Bizzy Bec's March Store blog Challenge.
Burlington:
So my alchemist mixes her up a batch of Potion of Treasure Finding and off she goes to decimate the crocolisk population of Uldum. If I have to grind leather I like crocolisks because of this:
Again with this idea of athleticism… elite athletes fuel themselves well and train accordingly in order to push themselves to a physical limit and beyond. So for me this begs the question of how might I be fueling my moral and emotional strength to prepare myself for great tests. Part of that is certainly in how I take care of myself physically (healthy body, healthy mind) but also in the people I allow to be close to me and become my models. If I want to be morally and emotionally strong, then I have to surround myself with others who are also trying to “train” in the same way, or who are already strong in that way. Thankfully, I am privileged to have these relationships in my life.
When her husband and daughter are killed in an automobile accident, which she survives, Julie (Juliette Binoche) is understandably devastated. She shuts herself off emotionally, never wanting to feel anything again after such a traumatic experience. In the opening scenes of Blue, actress Juliette Binoche displays an incredible range of emotions as her character tries to comprehend her world, which has been shattered. She ends up suppressing raw emotion with detachment.
Adam & Eve: Catherine Wheel- One of the best bands of 90′s britpop, if lesser known. I just can’t get over how pretty the vocals are. Future Boy http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LqxgG52NWQ The singer Rob Dickinson, is the second artist on this list so far that I have had the good fortune to see live!
More to follow!
“Fight Against Stupidity And Bureaucracy”
For those who attended the event I strongly encourage you to get a copy when it is released since it seems like a perfect way to relive the memories and see pictures of the other things that Buono did on their visit!
of the finished treasure islands…
Yeh!
I’ve been thinking a lot about photography these days. Tim gave me a beautiful new camera for my birthday and it’s been a lot of fun to move away from “auto” shooting and think more purposefully about each image. Of course, all my subjects — Lucas, Tali and Tim– remain less than willing participants in my desire to pause time (both in reality and through photography).
14 cake mixes
"We are going through tough economic times, and Londoners are understandably concerned about their jobs and the cost of living. That is why my priorities over the last four years have been cutting waste and bureaucracy at City Hall and ensuring your tax money is put where Londoners want to see it spent.
Matthew 5:39, “But I say unto you, That ye resist not evil: but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also.”
The shirt is available in a variety of colours with a quality fitted shape so
Sephora Prisma Chrome Shadow, Sephora, $15
One study (Gislen et al. 2006) found that European children began unconsciously to constrict their pupils as well after about a dozen underwater training sessions. So the ability appears to be something that can be acquired fairly easily – although Gislen et al. only used 4 European children in their study, so we should be cautious about drawing any strong conclusions just yet.
I answered. “I’m not doing it for you.”
Potential Insights: Shows if fitness, nutrition, diet and a generally healthy lifestyle are still part of their lives. Maybe TM encouraged a sportier, fitter, more disciplined lifestyle over all.
Have you stamped today?? until next time.. Vicki
The French accordion-virtuoso Richard Galliano is an exceptionally versatile musician, able to make his mark in all kinds of musical contexts, from solo appearances to playing with a full big band.
There I find comfort, and there I am blessed.
Michael A. Asciak, 47, Ridgefield, N.J.
Hope that’s cleared it up. Yes, you say, it’s as clear as mud now, thanks Jo
There senior managers with no managers under them. It is not a surprise to find AGM and GMs with only 20 staff under their authority.
Hopefully I can start diving into the next novel, though. Since it's part of a three-book series and the first book is completed, I need to write it. It's a good story, but a bit dark. Which leads me to another reason I'm writing the "fun" project - it is as light-hearted as can be. Comical. Carefree. I tend to write novels with weighty issues, so having an "outlet" is definitely needed.
What's the difference?
Short story: my hands are pink.
These are all the wonderful things used on this project that will no longer be available after May 31st. So if you see one of these that you love make sure you click HERE and order it now before it's gone forever!
Andrea loves her Puky bike and we take it everywhere.
I will have it finished to show you on Saturday for the big reveal! The question is - how many times will I have redone it?
I still used the October Afternoon paper but I added some white crepe paper stitched on to a panel of paper and a tag with my Papertrey Ink sentiment stamped on it. I painted a Maya Rd. chipboard heart, sprinkled it with mica flakes and added it on as a simple finishing touch!
I have 5 of these planters to do and
Embellishments: Ribbon - stash; Rhinestones - Recollections
Even though the organization project isn't done, and we haven't had to utilize those hats or mittens just yet, knowing that everything is ready to go for winter is enough!
I always have so much fun cookieying things. (Yes that IS a word. You know why it's a word? Because I use it all the time :D) This is my third set of Jewel Kade cookies and since they're always coming out with new pieces, I'm always excited to cookie a new charm. Here are the other JK sets:
Some Lurch on steroids wardened
He will be like a tree firmly planted by streams of water. So now, here’s a man who has the desire’s of his heart and he’s compared to a piece of wood; this must be some tree. The tree being planted by the streams of water will always have rich soil to drain nutrients from. The best place for a tree. Spurgeon writes in Treasury of David, “not a wild tree, but “a tree planted,” chosen, considered as property, cultivated and secured from the last terrible uprooting, for “every plant which my heavenly Father hath not planted, shall be rooted up:” Matthew 15:13. “By the rivers of water;” so that even if one river should fail, he hath another. The rivers of pardon and the rivers of grace, the rivers of the promise and the rivers of communion with Christ, are never-failing sources of supply.”
I note for the sake of completeness that in spite of the alleged induction of some sort of monkey-autism-via-vaccines, these monkeys appeared to survive on a diet containing casein -- 40% casein, as a matter of fact -- and biscuits containing wheat gluten. Just wondering why the autistic enterocolitis didn't afflict these poor macaques in spite of that MMR vax. Poor macaques that, by the way, were removed from their mothers at birth and kept separate from each other with no physical contact. And for what? To test them with the carefully selected -- oh, let's just call it cherry picked, shall we? -- "1994-1999 vaccine schedule." I'd like to see the IACUC justification for this one.
I would like to suggest that you return to the city of fruitcakes and nuts and eat your husbands canned tuna and pineapple produced by illegal immigrants and by workers who have been excluded from the protection that 90% of the legal workers in the United States have.
Voici le tutoriel de la semaine. Je vous ai préparé une carte avec une belle fleur à motifs superposés (photos à la fin de ce billet).
The Zombie: The modern archetype of the Zombie is rooted deep in the genre. Zombies are undead; that’s fairly simple to ascertain. They are plagued with a voracious hunger, they never stop to rest, and they move whether it’s night or day. They have no preference in whom they will kill and they can add to their ranks with a single, infected bite. The Zombie exists with no subtlety, no brains, and absolutely no subterfuge. That makes them pretty formidable, but how will they stack up against the Vampire or the Werewolf?
The Gulden Draak, Vintage or not, is certainly not a beer for the red stocking cap-wearing lager drinkers. Like the dragon itself it is for the well-travelled.
I should add that by the time of my third visit, Marv had made remarkable inroads to his dinner. The belly and guts of the late and lamented eland had been devoured, leaving only the rib cage. Both hind legs had been torn off and were maturing nicely, the neck was being saved for a later snack and rested carefully on the buckled forelegs.
As you near the end of the filter, make sure to keep the bottom of the flower tight, as the top will start to get loose.
time to volunteer up!
We also adored Wild Black Bass, sided by plump Marinated Prawns, Grilled Asparagus and a silky Parsnip Puree, sitting in a puddle of Roasted Pepper Sorrel Coulis. A new dish, Fennel Pollen Dusted Muscovy Duck Breast, in a Mashkitchiri, Honey Vodka Fondue was tender, moist and medium rare. The unctuous sauce was an incorporation of the house’s acclaimed Honey Vodka, a marriage made in Moscow.
So lets get right to it. I got this dresser. Let me tell you. This dresser is HEAVY!! But it isn't wood...so sad. :( Just particle board.
I’m a Milwaukee Brewers fan, which is probably no secret by now. I liked them when they were awful, and I’ll like them when they’re awful again. A few years back I took my foam finger and shared it with the Bronze Fonz in downtown Milwaukee, because I’m sure he’s a fan, too:
I would also like to enter this card in the following fun challenges:
All the colors that you know
Finally, something starts happening. Thank you, Doyle, for getting to the point. Not that the last two chapters were a waste—far from it—but at the same time, it’s a good thing Doyle learned how to do characterization on the fly. At least now he’s managed to flesh out his two main characters, and we can move onto fun stuff!
Q : What ideal shape is suitable for my Nail?
Depending on where you are around the globe, the Monday to Friday week will be coming to an end, for many it has already arrived.
After listening to this album, you might agree with me that it is somewhat difficult to give a track by track description. Most of the songs feature BSE's increasingly iconic and identifiable dark ambient backdrops, often augmented by choice samples in English and (possibly) Swedish and sparsely introspective guitar and/or piano segments. My personal favorites are "Funerals" and "Standing Silent": the former being a dark minimalist masterpiece opening the album with the grim quote which opened this review and the later incorporating an awesome multi-segment choir movement in its midsection that seriously has to be heard to be believed. That is not to say that the other tracks are not worthy of mention: the featured track "Long The Nights" is almost frightening in the manner in which its strings hover around you, whereas "The Only Alternative" is darkly speculative in the extended contemplation of "The Only Alternative" (aided by subconscious drones and echoing choirs).
This year’s party was at Bounce U. We’ve been to a couple of parties there in the past. It turned out really well. Zoë was afraid that since her birthday is during the summer, her friends wouldn’t be able to come. Her kindergarten teacher (bless you Mrs. Boes) collected email addresses and phone numbers for kids in her class and quite a few of her friends were able to attend. I loved the fact that I could just bring the cake and goody bags and Bounce U did the rest. Our party hosts were two adorable young guys that the kids all thought were great. I nicknamed them the “party twins”. I was a little unsure about the party twins at first. They seemed more interested in catching each other up on their social life than doing actual work. But, I was pleasantly surprised. These two took over the party like champs. They joked with the kids, passed out snacks, drinks, cake, helped with presents and handed out goody bags. They even wrote down gift items and names for thank you notes. I thought, pinch me, this is a dream! Then, while searching for the gift list later on, I found it crumpled in the bottom of one of the gift bags and was yanked down to reality. LOL! Hey, at least they kept the list!
This is the core message of Worthy of the Gospel. We want to make sure we lay down the foundation so that the next generation understands the fundamentals of their faith. As we challenge people to seek God, we constantly come back to these core elements. To understand these terms requires continual dedication to refine our thinking. It’s not enough to simply settle for a simple definition. These terms take life in every situation in our life and require constant consideration and remembrance. As we work out our salvation with fear and trembling, we will draw closer to Christ in our sanctification and deeper in our understanding of faith, hope, and love.
Runners Up: Graeme Coates with Red Sparrowhawk (this also won a few awards at the Bristol competition in September) and Ingemar Jansson with Slinka IPA. Ingemar is one of a pair of Swedish homebrewers who came over for the competition and a London beery weekend. It was great to meet you guys.
Peter Straub – Mr. Clubb And Mr. Cuff
On a slight side note, have you ever noticed how little attention stores pay to Thanksgiving? Each and every year, I can't help but take a moment to think about how very said this is :( Thanksgiving is one of my favorite holidays! Once Halloween is said and done, everyone just steamrolls straight to Christmas Christmas Christmas!
In the meantime, if your child is a bully or you are a bully, take a long look at the statistics above and decide what direction you want to take in your life. It is a decision that could affect the rest of it.
I can’t think of any price that being childfree comes with. The only price I can think of comes with the territory of having children. With the sticker price on a child being almost a quarter of a million US equivalent, all the countless hours you’re going to have to sacrifice, giving up your sick time to take care of the kid instead of using it for yourself, and even giving up many of your hobbies (or at the very minimum, reducing the amount of time you spend on them), having a kid comes with a HUGE price.
it is the work of a few of us that meet at Contemporary Craft group at
2. Arriving late for anything.
Little Bird, Night Owl is my first step, and I hope an inspiration to you to take yours.
12-02 Frankfurt, Germany – Jahrhunderthalle
On the basis of this understanding, I felt that Prakash was well within his right to determine who is the mayor of Sando. The PP can’t determine it because it isn’t a party….but the COP and UNC are…and the COP was told Sando was under it’s remit. So, then, you ask yourself, what’s the problem? Well no one wants to say…least of all Winston Dookeran who living up to the nickname Duck and Run these days because he won’t answer any question you pose to him about the government or his party, the COP, straight……maybe that is the price you pay if you have your eyes on higher office. What is clear though is that Coudray’s claims that the COP didn’t elect/appoint/nominate her might have some truth to it, since a recent interview with businesswoman Daphne Bartlett indicates that the current leader of the COP may be misleading the country into believing that Coudray had been their pick. There is talk that Marlene wasn’t really the COP pick, that it was instead a prominent doctor from South Trinidad. There is talk that the COP was forced to choose Coudray. There is talk that Coudray is tipped to run in the expected by-election for San Fernando East….earlier this week there was talk that the PM would give in to Ramadhar’s request, give him the mayorship, and give Coudray the position of Vice-President of the Senate…thereby bussing Lyndira Oudit’s throat. There has been much talk….so much talk that the heads of the coalition government talked for 5 hours on Friday evening and the COP executive, MPs etc are meeting at 9 am this morning to talk some more….and all of this becauase Marlene Coudray exercised her right to change her political mind!
Sharon also has the 4th instalment of our our mystery quilt, so hurry on over to see her. Sharon has also promised us a tutorial for a small project we can make.
If that dog thinks I’m sharing this feast with him, he’s crazier than he smells, thought Malcolm as he could feel the dog’s incessant stare boring a hole in the back of his head.
Anyhoo, here are the cards...
As a prelude to their attendance at the Mobile World Congress, Adobe released some interesting data from over 600 publishers and 1500 tablet applications about the usage of their digital publishing platform. From the press release:
Just yesterday, I got the Mighty Plantation. I’ve since planted more crops and purchased a hot rod tractor that allows me to plow 6 plots at a time. If I choose high-yield short-term crops, I’ll probably be able to stockpile quite a few coins. I still have my eye on that Manor.
He doesn't exactly get off to a flying start by opening with a quote from Hypatia. Or I should say a "quote" allegedly from Hypatia which is actually a modern fake:
My card design follows the current challenge sketch over at Sketches by Carly. This is just the most fun sketch I've played with for a while! Thanks for the inspiration Carly!
Crumbled Feta cheese for garnish
Hey, I'm just glad to know I'm descended from people who, when evaluating which material goods really matter, include the teapot.
At this point I met Emilia who was on course to finish under 2hrs and looking strong. It’s not great introducing yourself to someone while you are at your racing worst, but I still kind of did it.
The grown up man recalls the story and broke down in tears when the soldier touched him, hugged him. He smelled, he was covered in lice but the soldier didn't care. He just had this moment with this kid. He got rations for the boy and the others and he was never seen again.
Sometimes the toast does not land butter side down.
Looking harder now, he saw that she was an enormous sea snail, with the prettiest iridescent shell and bright blue antenna eyes waving in the water.
And that...thing?
My camera and I will share these adventures with you every step of the way.
I feel like I should elaborate some more, but I think "art contest" is a pretty simple concept. We here at this blog enjoy creative and artistic interpretations (as seen in the Sensory Overloads on the sidebar) and you will be juddged, either via a panel (of esteemed...colleagues?) or through this blog by the reader's votes. If I get a lot of submissions (fingers crossed) then I might post them as I receive them in a sort of King Of The Mountain type way. It will probably be a combination of all three.
Thus there was no shortage of possibilities for a ghostly encounter when I set up for my night at the museum. While wandering the museum at night was a lovely experience in its own right, the only real thing of note that happened to me was toward the end of the night, when I and two other women were stationed in Mary’s room on the second floor of the house. We were completely alone in the building when we distinctly heard the front screen door move, and then the sound of someone quietly moving about downstairs. We honestly believed someone had come into the house, but no one answered our calls, and finally we tiptoed downstairs to see what we could find. No one was there, but we kept hearing a clicking noise in the vicinity of the organ in the Victorian parlor, as if someone were pressing down on the keys. Now Violet did play the organ for her church, so in my heart I kind of hope it was her we were hearing. Nothing else of significance happened during the investigation, but of course there is much audio still to be gone through, so hope springs eternal that perhaps Violet or one of the other spirits of Weems-Botts spoke to us. If not, it still was anything but a wasted trip, just for the wealth of historical information (and the divine red velvet cupcakes) we received from the knowledgeable and gracious staff. If you ever head to DC to check out its rich cultural offerings, make time to stop off at the Weems-Botts Museum in Dumfries. You might learn a thing or two, and if you’re very lucky, you might even run across one of the ghosts.
Here's a quick video of our experiment. I cannot show you the one we did in our classroom, due to district rules, but I can tell you that the children were entirely fascinated and absolutely LOVED it! Some of them loved the experiment so much that they wanted to repeat it over and over again during their playtime, which we did, with my supervision, of course!
First word: Book.
“It’s the mentality. I’m in some ways guilty of this – I went to public school, I went to Oxford. I speak at a lot of schools with Somali kids and they say, ‘How do I become a journalist? We may be from the same community, but I don’t have your accent.’ So it’s a class thing rather than about being white necessarily. It’s much more subtle.” http://www.guardian.co.uk/ media/2007/feb/15/broadcasting.bbc
She asked why we were there and we told her my partner had some blood work done and wanted to find out the results of the test. Then she asked me and I told her I was there to get refills on my meds.
2) Long Beans, 7 pcs
A few notes about the contest...
An on-going obsession is collecting found objects that appear to have little use to other people. Scouring the streets and sidewalks for interesting pieces of flotsam is a great way to take a walk and get inspired! I guess I lover other people's trash! My favorite find is someone else's list of things to do, or shopping items, or just thoughts. I think it would be great to create a book from found lists. I also collect small chairs.
As you can see, it was a very close call! Congratulations to all who took part. We’re already looking forward to the next competition and we’re sure all Housekeeping staff are already entering their training for the 2012 edition! We would also like to thank Alison and Sameera to making this such a success, and also the maintenance team for making the Olympic rings for us!
Sweet.
Arsenal still hadn’t settled, but drew level all the same. Song won the ball in midfield and the ball was played forward via Walcott and Rosicky to Van Persie on the edge of the area, who turned inside and nudged it behind the QPR backline for Walcott. He curled his first effort onto the right post, but showed impressive calmness to turn the rebound home.
UPDATE: I'm home from doc and all is good & contractions will be coming & going but they aren't painful enough yet to be very productive! Will keep you posted & hopefully I still have a couple mroe weeks to go :)
Tell yourself
This is what I ended up with at the end of my bed . Yes, a dog bed. I don't think I will be changing it anytime soon. So how about you guys, do you have anything at the end?
8:12
Accessing inner balance
Hardly, they are not naive.
Classical finance and classical advising is based upon the assumption that people are logical beings, making financial decisions based upon cool rational thoughts. Behavioral finance has challenged many of the core principles of classical finance and by extension should challenge those who offer advice in a classical way to clients.
The US Air Force recently dispatched a number of F-22 Raptor strike fighters to a base in the United Arab Emirates. The move caused backlash from Tehran, which said Wednesday it threatened regional stability.
Hoffman
I hope you like it :)
10. I change my mind about 15 million times. I can never make decisions and stick to them. Evidence found throughout this blog, if you pay attention.
I truly believe that Amanda Burden’s hypersensitivity about superblocks and good public space design as exemplified by her Teardrop Park concerns and the rest of her Battery Park City experience is real. I think that in this respect she is true to her roots. I think that the passion that comes out in her rhetoric about the avoidance of superblocking at the World Trade Center site is honest and heartfelt. On the other hand her rhetoric defending density at Atlantic Yards because “it is a transit hub,” and “at the crossroads of two wide avenues in Brooklyn” that “can accommodate density, and density brings excitement, foot traffic, jobs” sounds perfunctory. I think she is toeing the line for her boss and she has dropped her concerns about superblocking and good public space design only because only with superblocking and the theft of streets from the public can the unprecedented density of Ratner’s no-bid megadevelopment be achieved.
I simply melted the butter, chocolate and syrup in a Pirex bowl over a pan of boiling water. Off the heat, I stirred in the cornflakes and arranged in cupcases, making a nest shape using the back of a teaspoon.
sans hum no din or dint
Ignoring the distractions and delights
Semiconductors (US class 438) -- 2.7%
gettin jiggy with it...will smith
itch
What we do need is a return to common sense, a return to honor and accountability and virtue and decency. We need to measure our actions against the Golden Rule, not use it to hit people with.
Alan continued on saying that the energy of ease is universally available, but some people have found a way to access and use it.
His voice is calm as he responds, "So I googled it and well, it can cause anal leakage."
Be secure
So, we’re creating the main characters, working on the story world and going to put together an animation short film or teaser to shoot the festivals next year.
I have an awful lot I could say about that. I may bring some puppets.
That’s right, “Titanic II” will be a 21st-century, historically accurate replica of the original Titanic and is set to make its maiden voyage from England to New York in 2016.
We found the trailhead and hiked for about half a mile until we came to the beautiful waterfall above. We stayed for some time to enjoy the waterfall, but then we had to hike back to the car to continue our journey.
We went to the farmers market the other night. The weather was absolutely perfect. We were eating cherries and strawberries and walking around. Kai asked for a coin to make a wish in the fountain. I gave him a dime because they are lucky (I used to tape one to my shin guard during soccer games in college).
This post is intended as a lament of sorts, a lament for something in the culture that is dying and may never been seen again.
have gathered again after his death.
-Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.
spend three seasons
I spoke to the GI on the phone yesterday morning and we decided to wean off the Baclofen that was started to help with Emily's retching. I told her that we hadn't noticed a difference. Then my husband reminds me that Emily didn't wake up retching yesterday morning. She just woke up. It was such a NORMAL thing, that it didn't strike me as to how abnormal for her that was! This morning, no retching.
April, also known as Super-Save-A-Lot, sprang into action!
Imagine the Mayor of Port of Spain giving permission for the square to be used on a day the House is sitting and the police not giving permission for a public meeting but still did not disperse the crowds? And to crown it all, the PM “ramajaying”, as one newspaper put it, to the crowd during the tea break. And in the weekend’s Guardian interview with Clevon Raphael, Neil Parsanlal didn’t know what was the underlying cause of crime in this country? I’ll give it to you free Neil…
89. The hair on a polar bear is not white, but clear. They reflect light, so they appear white.
After Savers, we paid and headed over to the Dollar Tree. Paul and Carol wanted a few things for their flight on Wednesday. And I wanted to look for bread and Easter decorations to go in place of my garland with Christmas Ornaments. Yes, i know... That is STILL up... hehe.
Mr. de Klerk has gone further than any other nationalist president in taking real steps to normalize the situation. However, there are further steps, as outlined in the Harare declaration, that have to be met before negotiations on the basic demands of our people can begin.
If you are interested, please post about the DT call on your blog and feature three of your favorite creations including at least two cards. DT call closes Friday, July 23rd at 11:59pm.
From the nou breekt mijn klomp (well I will be damned) Department: Gaia fruitcake James Lovelock, he of 'it may be necessary to put democracy on hold for some time' fame, thinks that he may have been WRONG. He may have been ALARMIST about global warm, uh, climate chang, uh, well, he may have been wrong on just about everything. From Mail Online, April 23, 2012:
Combine 1st 3 ingredients in a gallon sized ziplock bag. Add chicken,seal and turn bag to coat. Chill for 30 minutes. Remove chicken from bag and grill. Discard sauce.
These days, the walk to work is a mild-paced stroll that starts off with Cheongmyeongsan (a local ‘mountain’) on one side, and twenty storey aparmtent buildings on the other side. The street is lined with trees and there’s a healthy bustle of local school kids darting back and forth on their way about their morning. As I walk along I pass a high school and an elementary school, which is where I cross the street. On the other side I walk a little further and take a left just at the outskirts of the main Yeongtong area where most of the restaurants and shops are situated. There’s a Dominos Pizza place which I’ve never ordered from, and a fantastic haemul calguksu place which I can’t get enough of!
Here I made bold to suggest that the evil he complained of was one which would soon remedy itself, and that the population of London quite sufficient to support both modes of transit.
It’s funny that such a coincidence would come about right after I finished reading Asimov’s Foundation Trilogy (review of the third book is in the works), because this first volume of Valerian and Laureline definitely shares some ideas with Asimov, though on a much smaller scale.
Not faith in God. Faith in Human Nature.
I'm still working away at Amy's first Mothers Day gift ... took soooo much longer than I thought ... but nearing the final stage & hope to scan at some point over this weekend ... and will visit her on Tuesday to deliver ... so pics will be forthcoming shortly thereafter!
In cash today,
“Your first task is to kill the Nemean lion.”
1/2 cup popping corn
The Turkish Premier was predictably vague about how it will all work. Eschewing any detail about how a presidential system in Turkey would function, Erdogan said that if forthcoming elections suggested a mandate to slim down the republic’s existing constitution, he would go ahead. When Erdogan says ‘slim down’, he remains, ‘take out all the libertarian/rule of law nonsense’.
Me (thinking to myself): I'm not even wearing khakis... and we aren't in the shopping district .....and there is no gap within a mile of where I am walking. (These thoughts flash through my mind as I try and keep my face as calm and unperturbed as possible.)
Scripture also warns us that people will listen to their false teaching:
Whether we are eight or eighty, our moms will always hold a special place in our hearts. Why? Because its mom! She's irreplaceable.
I breathed deeply and evenly and began to tease my nipples with my middle fingers. I was breathing and flicking my nipples in the same rhythm that she was making cycles on my golden spot. The pressure on my frenulum was steady and firm.
If all it takes to delay or avoid charges is to commit so many potential violations as to overwhelm the system, can you imagine what next election is going to look like? Elections Canada can’t keep waiting until it’s fully investigated the hundreds of specific complaints into the 2011 election before it starts laying charges. Start processing the people already identified, and continue with the investigation. If a bank robber is caught, police don’t wait to charge him until they’ve determined if the robber is responsible for any other crimes also.
3.- Spanish Song - Produced by Domingo
The private sector — you, Edward and I — reward organizations that provide us with stuff we value by buying that stuff and we punish the others by not buying their stuff.
Meet John Doe ... TCM ... 10:15 AM
I have heard about you and about the cures you perform without medicine or herbs. What I have heard is that you make the blind see again and the lame walk, you cleanse lepers, expel unclean spirits and demons, cure those who have suffered from chronic and painful diseases, and raise the dead. On hearing all this about you, I concluded that one of two things must be true - either you are God and came down from heaven to do these things, or you are God's son doing them. I am therefore writing to ask you to come to me and cure the illness from which I suffer. I have heard that the Jews are treating you badly and wish to cause you harm - my city is very small, but very noble, adequate for both of us to live in peace.' Jesus's reply:
My mama liked to eat healthy, so she bought some carrot juice that were in tetra packs. I think it was called Mr. Carrot or something. I liked the carrot juice, so I decided to sell them. My cousins Erika, Erinn, Errol, Erijah, and Era just lived next door so I decided to ask their help. We set up a table in front of our house and waited for people to buy. We didn’t sell a lot, so we were getting desperate. One guy went to our table, and we started enthusiastically telling him about the carrot juice. He said he’ll buy some when he comes back. We waited for him to come back, and when we saw him walking down the street, we asked him to fulfill his promise. He did not. He started to run and my cousins ran after him. They didn’t catch him though, but they had fun running after him.
"snow on snow"
I have been questioned about whether or not my rheumatoid arthritis was a factor in the fracture, but I am confident that if RA was to blame for my stress fracture it would have happened while I was marathon training, in the marathon, or for sure at the 24-Hour Relay. I cannot blame it on anything but my own lack of judgment. I have used some cortical steroids to treat RA, but rarely and not in high doses or for long periods of time. My bones do not show thinning and I have put them to the test before. This is not an RA related injury and in my life the benefits of running still vastly outweigh the risk of injury.
Gaslit Nightmares - Edited by Hugh Lamb
Additionally, I got to try different ways of coloring my pieces. This time, I learned to use stain! (rather than glaze.) I like the look it gives the bowl. A lot more textured and rustic. Almost like the bowl is actually old and valuable (HA! valuable. funny.) Now maybe I should fill it up with something and put it to good use…
Thanks for sharing a bit of your day with me and I'll be back with a new card as soon as I can.
The research documented in this work is an attempt to understand differences between the three main races (Orientals, Caucasians, and Blacks) in terms of life-history evolution. In other words, that separate races of human beings evolved different strategies to cope with different environments and that these strategies lead to various physical differences.
Nothing ever came out of this, not even a kiss, but I felt he was keeping me hanging on a string by sometimes seeming so interested in me and then backing away back and forth.
Instead of a walk this morning we decided to go watch some of the older age groups play up at Crigglestone – a walk would definately have been the warmer option – Summer Rugby – who are they kidding – it was warmer in November!!! On the plus side watching the rugby meant more practise with my camera – 3000 pictures I’ve taken this weekend- got some cracking shots, even if I do say so myself, and some bleeding awful ones – still practise makes perfect. Trouble is I think some people are starting to get a little bit sick of me taking random photos when they least expect – but they’re the best ones to take. They’ll thank me when I’m famous and photos of them are on show for all to see (A girl can dream)
To be honest, I’m not really in a good position to answer that. In regards to mass pop music, I’m clueless, I hardly listen to the mainstream radios or TV. However, I do think that there is a great underground Soul and Afro presence and keep my ears tuned to that. Bands like Third Coast Kings, Deep Street Soul and all the stuff Record Kicks is putting out is feeding me nowadays.
And yet we continue to point fingers at diet ads and magazine spreads, with media sensationalism leading to overdiagnosis and cyclical misunderstanding: television specials tout poor body image and “out-of-control diets” as indicative of anorexia, and concerned mothers rush their daughters in for diagnosis. Superficially, some meet the criteria; in treatment, they profess a need to be beautiful, lending ex post facto evidence to the media’s suppositions. Sufferers of “classical” anorexia, inundated with the message that culture drives the disorder, sometimes blame the beauty myth as well. And scores of celebrities, non-ED’d dieters, and bloggers proclaim past “battles” with eating disorders based on weight loss and “wanting to be beautiful”. Hardly anyone bothers to learn that most of these “recovered” women never met diagnostic criteria in the first place, instead having dieted briefly or suffered low self-esteem. And yet everyone hears anorexia and beauty and thin in the same sentence, followed by recovery and inner beauty and health in the next.
Why carry on without me
What’s the matter with American poetry? Apparently, the problem is Allen Ginsberg. And Sylvia Plath. And Susan Howe, and Alice Notley, and James Schuyler. Also Louise Glück. Also Louis Zukofsky, and all of the other Objectivists. That, at least, is the conclusion one might draw from Rita Dove’s new Penguin Anthology of Twentieth Century American Poetry, which bills itself as “an unparalleled survey of the best poems of the last century,” and includes none of the poets named above.
Can't wait to get new nails btw... one of my nails broke one week ago and
4. Reverend Paul Morton, broadcast sermon, New Orleans, June 1980.
"Rapists are usually multiple offenders. How many victims could have been spared the horrors of rape if kits had been collected and processed when a rape was initially reported?"
Yesterday, over a month later, I received a follow-up email from corporate HR, which is located across the country. They want references and a salary expectation. Is it acceptable for me to get excited?
Thursday night brought a really fun party at Kate McKinnon's house. Kate's house is just as I'd pictured it... a great 50s/60s vibe, and the backyard is filled with wonderment. I spent a lot of time in the kitchen, skewering meat with Andrew Thornton and Jamie Hogsett...
8. cute polka dot scarf
Okay, so I’m Catholic. A practicing Catholic. And I am therefore supposed to (required to) go to church every Sunday. I am also (super old school here) supposed to tithe, i.e. give 10% of my income to the church. However, since I have a very modest (okay, pathetic) income and basically live off my husband, I’m just going to pretend, for the purposes of giving myself one day a week off from this blog, that I’m making $365,000 a year and go from there. So every Sunday – all year long –I’m going to be giving $100 to Our Lady of Lourdes, my amazing, adorable church in the heart of the Martin Luther King Jr. Landmark district in Atlanta.
Finally, the Titanic story transcends all cultures and all ages because it is about human choice. The French philosopher Albert Camus, once said: “Life is the sum of all your choices”. And the Titanic disaster, reminiscent of a Greek tragedy, reminds us that in the face of death, the most sublime and the most wretched of human choices had to be made. The Titanic drama played over two hours and forty minutes, enabling the survivors to witness and give precise and chilling accounts of the excruciating choices people made at the time of the sinking. A few men chose to disguise themselves in woman’s clothing or jump onto a lifeboat as it was being lowered, to escape a certain death. Others, including my great grandfather, hurried a relative or loved one to the safety of a lifeboat. Some men, including the wealthiest amongst them, showed never seen before chivalry and fortitude. Colonel Astor and his pregnant wife gave up their seats on a lifeboat to leave room for a Third Class woman and her child. Mr. Guggenheim chose to dress up in his best suit. The Band chose to play music till the end. Brave women chose to remain and die with the men they loved. Some chose to kneel down and pray.
I know looking at it that way gives it power. It just happens. I guess I’ve tried to purge it, but the few times I’ve shared the story in order to break from its grip, it’s met by misunderstanding or gentle indifference.
3 cloves minced garlic
Anyways.......haha
Not too long ago, we reported that a “fashion concert” by the title, ‘K-Collection in Seoul’ took place featuring stars such as Big Bang, 2AM, IU, MBLAQ, Tiger JK, INFINITE, SECRET, Nine Muses, Girls’ Generation, T-ara, miss A, and more.
From this the first venue of attack outside of the primary holding the line is: push States to adopt viability language for the conferring of full citizenship rights and protections to fetuses, adapted so that as the state of the art improves in embryology and pre-natal care, that viability line can move down with those advances.
The Cheshire Cat replied “That depends a great deal on where you want to get to”
Recipes are sometimes like that too. Some works, some don't.
I don't blame the hospitals - obviously there is a huge cost factor. But you have to think of the health of the patients as well don't you?? They are all there because they are not that well, so being fed food and beverages in plastic that leaches Bisphenol-A really can't be helping their health.
LadyBug was given a clean bill of health and THEN she got to go to get a treat at the store!! She has never been shopping with mama before, so this was a VERY big deal!! She was such a good girl, both at the vet and while we were shopping! She even met another dog...no problems at all! Fun times with my girl!! Chloe was happy to stay home with her Dad...she doesn't like riding anymore...no matter what I do.
381
Mark Meadows (REP) 48.74% 2,203
Now we all know that men and women view sex differently. But either women don't misbehave as often or they are a hell of a lot better at covering their tracks! Because you rarely hear about a well-known woman's indiscretions unless it is in relation to some influential man's "urges".
Sorghum Flour(Jonna Pindi) - 2 cups
1/4 c. veggie oil
I'm truly blessed with some many people in my life. My family, my friends, my children in particular. Once upon a time I really believed Hallie would be it. Little did I know how much my life would change over the course of a few short years.
Her parents aren’t really sure how long Abigaille had been playing the game, although since her death they’ve discovered her best friend had known, and had done his best to get her to stop. Kassi and her husband, Caleb, also don’t know where she learned it, although there are YouTube videos and websites dedicated to the practice.
First review will be Five Dolls for an August Moon with the lovely Edwige Fenech, directed by Mario Bava.
Later today, Andy Grammer will be in the Atrium for an interview on the hospital's radio station. And later still, "Sam" and "Emily" from Twilight: Breaking Dawn will also be here - pretty exciting stuff! I am truly impressed by how many stars are willing to put in a free visit to a children's hospital when they are in town. Selena Gomez has been here twice, apparently.
Tablescape Thursday
THIS FUCKING SHOW YOU GUYS
Hail to He Whose Terror Shakes Land and Sea–Rejoice! You are praised!
The most notable element of this story is the introduction of Peri. The idea of Peri was that she would appeal to American viewers by having an American accent (which unfortunately Nicola Bryant was unable to portray in any convincing form) and male viewers everywhere by wearing less than modest outfits. In her first story, Peri is actually quite good and lacks the annoying qualities she later developes. Its easy to dislike Peri, but she can be appreciated if you give her the chance. Characters like hers are actually more interesting than companions who adore the Doctor, like Jo Grant and Sarah Jane Smith.
...you say your spanish is bad, but your english sounds like you are thinking about putting your sentences together in spanish, and they are coming out in english as they should in spanish...
5) “Well there only drinking wine”
The level of ridiculous and outright crazy that can be achieved by grad student about to embark into Finals Week remain unsurpassed.
So Jesus answered him, “Simon, I have something to say to you.”
Pixar has become a brand name in the same way Lexus and Rolex are. It has become a symbol of prestige, the very best in their industry. Of course, no human institution can operate at peak ability every time out.
Let me demonstrate – and this is what I show pupils when I do creative writing with them. I’m going to say a word and when you hear it, I want you NOT to picture the word I say. Ready? Elephant. Did you manage to hear that word without a picture of an elephant coming into your mind? Try harder this time. Apple. It’s hard, isn’t it? Old crone with glowing red eyes and a hunched back. Impossible. The point being that every word we use paints a picture in the reader or listener’s mind.
I sat quietly with legs crossed and hands in my lap through the crunching metal, exploding glass, and tossing of my body? No screams? No shielding? No fear? It’s unnatural, wrong. This is all wrong just like this.. technology inside me.
Know Thy Freezer (or the contents thereof, anyhow)
Only Child Writes.
Not sure why. Hmmm, maybe because our kids are not keen with it? Their ages do correlate to the length of absence. Maybe it's time to reintroduce it in our kitchen.
One Path pleasing God
But I have a card to show you today. It is from the latest release from Teddy Bo and I have made a birthday card for one of Gabriella's friends.
In the meantime, newly-single Enid has decided to stop feeling sorry for herself and go to the dance even though she no longer has a date. While she's getting ready, the doorbell rings and who should appear, only George all dressed up in a fancy blazer and slacks. He heard she was now single and conveniently, he's now a great big ride and is taking her to the dance so they shift the faces off each other. While her Mam is still there from what I can gather. Anyway, yay Enid!
Nice piece, right? I loved this bit:
Parishes are closing all across the country and directors are dipping into their endowments to keep the lights on. A lot of the blame for this is placed on the 2003 ordination of gay priest Gene Robinson as bishop (who since retired), but I think what it really going on is A., the continuing polarization of the religious environment in this country, and B., the mind-numbing boredom and dreariness of your average Episcopal Mass.
Most of my aprons seem to be half-length despite the fact that I am a chronically messy person. Put me in a kitchen and I will come out covered in something. If I were practical, I would make an apron that came up to my collar bone, down to my ankles, and had long sleeves attached. But, who wants to be practical?
I Am One Who awakens your creativity.
If the most tempting line of rebuttal to all of this is a Kantian one, remember that these arguments are here deployed to show that there are no phenomenal properties. This question about consciousness has been disentangled from the problem of intentionality. The motivations of the three sources of the set of arguments are varied: Hume fills out the radical implications of empiricist epistemology as far as they go; Wittgenstein has a vision about the foundations and limits of logic; and the classical Buddhists appear to take the metaphysical implications of non-duality both literally and seriously. Whatever one makes of these sources (or of my interpretations of them), it is at least fair to say that they place the burden on those who would say that there are phenomenal properties, metaphysically distinct from physical properties, to articulate reasons why anyone should think so.
I have downloaded some Freebies .....
For instance, the USA Best Book Awards and the International Book Awards, both sponsored by JPX Media. Each contest has a $69 entry fee, over 150 categories, a prize that basically consists of a feature on one of JPX Media's websites, and the "opportunity" to purchase award stickers and certificates. If just 500 people enter each contest (and I'm guessing that's an extremely conservative estimate), JPX grosses $69,000--and that doesn't even include the extra income from sticker and certificate sales.
The deal is that they won’t swear and neither will I. I mostly do OK at this, although “shit” tends to be used from time to time. I’ve tried to substitute “shoot” instead but it doesn’t really fool them! I do use Spy Kids’ “shitake mushrooms” occasionally! I’ve been doing this since my then 4-year old stepson came into the room with a truck and very casually announced “the f***ing thing is broken”. A very good call for me to clean up my potty mouth!
To the Methodists, I was a curiosity. To the Jews, I was a problem. The Methodists saw me as the result of a flawed marriage. The Jews saw me as something that didn't count once took sides with my father over my mother in the divorce. That made me really, very angry. And it made me hate Judaism, even though my beef was with the congregation, not the faith.
Heat oil over med. high heat. Add tofu and sauté until lightly browned.
Violet is awful. And like her best friend Phoebe, I mostly mean that as a compliment. She is not subtle and she takes out her pain at being abandonned by her father out on everyone around her (even if, like her half-sisters and Phoebe, they do not deserve it). But she is truly creative in driving away her mother’s horrible boyfriends and in punishing her absent dad. I can’t help but smile at the mischief she gets into. And it’s hard to be truly mad at her because her pain and her secret wish to see her family reunited are clear in her every action (even if they are not always clear to her).
I had a feeling he would be ok all day but made him stay home so that I did my due diligence in regards to infection control. He was not happy to be stuck at home while Harry got to go to school and visit a fire station.
Why did Jesus’ fame spread so quickly? What was he doing? What was his message?
“He said to them, ‘Go into the whole world and proclaim the gospel to every creature. Whoever believes and is baptized will be saved; whoever does not believe will be condemned.’” (Mark 16:15-16, emphasis added)
From this angle you can see the fabulous dimension the corrugated card gives. My wings were also cut from corrugated card and painted with a black Paint Dabber.
When times get tough (you know, like now…) government won’t be there for you to lean on. It Will Be Too Busy Leaning On You.
The winners are foreign nations (like India and China) who can influence Canada's domestic affairs to suit their interests through their Canadian colonies Ottawa so stupidly imported, nurtured, and grew.
"It was hard for my ego to believe that the American public would want a tax cheat and dog hater to be their president. What is more American than loving a dog and paying your fair share of taxes? I know party ethics say I should support that loser Romney, but my ego says I shouldn't. Wake up America, Romney is just a lighter version of Obama." Newt said, as he choked back tears.
Last week, I got experience an amazing workshop with ACMI, involving creating, acting, directing, shooting and editing your own masterpiece of a film!
Chanel Fall/Winter 2010-2011: Well I don’t know about you, but I loved the Yeti suit (now you’re definitely going to look at that link right??)! I think it’s safe to say that Karl Lagerfeld really wants us to be warm this fall/winter. And to that, I say, WELL DONE, SIR! I’m always cold, it’s like a disease or something. I suffer greatly, beyond all telling. However, looking at these fuzzy, snuggly ensembles in Chanel’s famous tweed is almost enough to make my hands warm up. They feature dolmain sleeves, A-line dresses, and enough (fake) fur panels to heat up even me. And the fur boots! Love the length. Love the fact that boots are still hitting the knees and beyond. (This was also showcased in both Burberry Prorsum’s and Dior’s collections, with all those thigh-high boots.) Mr. Lagerfeld wants us to jingle and jangle too, I suppose, because he’s decked some of his ladies out with jewelry enough to glam the Rockefeller Center Christmas tree. That’s fine by me. I love using a statement necklace to add depth and colors to what might otherwise be a simple outfit.
DO: Start your blog. Reach out to other bloggers, enter writing contests, make actual writing friends. It’s all so good for you.
Saul allowed the stoning of Stephen and after wards, “Christ met Saul on the path to his darkest, most devious sin.” In Acts 9, we discover that Saul gathered letters to take to the Synagogues in Damascus to locate any followers of “The Way,” and bring them back as prisoners of Jerusalem. His intent was to bring the believers under the authority of the Sanhedrin for either acquittal or death.
If you don’t see a shipping method in the calculator then we do not officially support it. We can try to accommodate you but there is no guarantee we will be able to ship the oversize package. Please take it in to consideration before using Shipito service.
On the eleventh day of Christmas
From Taizz we covered our faces and hopped in a shared taxi that would take us to Aden. Road trips are an excellent time to chew qat.
I’ve been so lazy.
Written by Steven Moffat
The ducks weren't dead.
The rest, it says, go to “middle income countries” States, adding: “Turkey has been consistently in the top five recipients of European Commission aid (182 million pounds in 2010), as has Serbia (178 million pounds in 2010)”.
Author: Yoriko Sakurama
Glinda: Are you ready now?
Indeed, "During this period of the Cold War," Leskovitz explains, "the US Army was working on plans to base newly designed 'Iceman' ICBM missiles in a massive network of tunnels dug into the Greenland icecap. The Iceworm plans were eventually deemed impractical and abandoned," and, "due to unanticipated movement of the glacial ice," the entire subterranean complex was eventually left in ruins.
march for these States,
The last six years Rodriguez spent becoming college-ready was like a punishment, she now feels, without the financial ability to continue college.
She went out on a limb to recommend this new approach.
The Kirre is another dangerous, psionic predator. They resemble eight-legged great cats but with a pair of curving horns and a tail studded with barbed spikes.
Scary things, panels. They make you stand up and talk about stuff as if you're an expert. And you have to exude some kind of zen calm while you're doing it, and try not to sound like an idiot. Anyway, today I am at the 10th SCBWI UK conference in a dampish Winchester. And I talked about how, as an author you can sell yourself and your books on the internet. I think it went well (people said nice things, anyway). So, for those of you who couldn't be there, I'm going to put up my talk here in 6 easy-to-digest parts over the next few days. And for those of you who were there and didn't bother to take notes--well shame on you, and here it is again.
All-in-all, it was a great snow play day for me and my boys. We added to the awesomeness of the day by bookending our fun in the snow with Krispy Kreme doughnuts on our way driving out to Snoqualmie and with Chipotle on our way driving back. I'm not sure why neither Krispy Kremer nor Chipotle have crossed the Puget Sound to open a location on the Kitsap peninsula yet. It was nice to get some while we were on the Seattle side of the water.
I keep thinking at least we can use the waiting time to prepare for the baby’s arrival. We have plenty of time on our hands to buy all the things we’ll need, and read all those books on our list… But then around Christmas and New Year, internet friends of ours almost (almost!) had a baby placed with them. Unfortunately, that placement wasn’t to be and they’re back to waiting again, but they had less than a week’s notice about the whole thing. We’re so sorry they had to go through that, but it’s made us realise more than ever that this could all happen for us at any time. And with very little notice. (It’s also driven home the fact that nothing’s a given. Not until the birth mom relinquishes her rights and actually becomes the birth mom, not just the mom. But that’s a whole other post.) Which means we really should get ourselves ready.
The last pedicure I had, a distant memory on land. My toenails are now a chipped and scuffed mess of decaying polish and scars from tripping over hatches and off of dinghys. Not to mention the blisters spotted around my feet from hikes...
Cryin all the time
I currently feel like I am about to do a sky dive (which is particularly scary because I have a terrible fear of heights, so yes, this analogy is rather fitting. I have done the preparation, I have all the appropriate gear, I am standing on the edge of the plane and now I have to jump. Part of me wants to get back in that plane where it is warm, safe and familiar but I know I need to jump otherwise all that preparation will be wasted.
When it comes to writing, I’m a purist. I don’t do “musings,” or “ramblings.” Poetry’s not my bag, and I won’t be sharing recipes with you any time soon. There’s a place in the blogging world for all those things, I suppose. It’s just not particular cup of tea.
» 12/6 – San Jose, CA @ HP Pavilion
I feel like untitled-ing everything. Haha.
The minute I found this candy cane biscotti recipe among my bookmarked items, I knew it was the one. I love Christmas cookies that are not only delicious, but look festive too, and these fit the bill on both accounts. Crushed candy canes are folded into a basic biscotti dough, and as they bake, the candy cane pieces melt and leave the biscotii studded with bright red specks. The cookies are buttery and rich, with hints of peppermint flavor thoughout. I loved them just as they were so it wasn't at all necessary, but for fun, I dipped a few in white chocolate and sprinkled them with extra candy cane pieces. The holiday season is all about excess, right?
There is always the temptation to give a little less than everything. There is always the temptation to think that something is too trivial to offer to God as a sacrificial worship offering.
Let us be open to the Holy Spirit this morning and let us respond to Him honestly and hope and love.
Well, it's been quite a week. By now you've all heard it, a volcano on Iceland with a name way too long to even try to write or pronounce, has erupted for the second time in a month this week. Flights in most northern European countries are canceled, including Denmark, Great Britain, Northern France, Germany etc. And it makes you wonder really, why it happened just now. My parents flew to London this week to start their trip to the Philippines, where they will be spending the first six months of their retirement.
Look beneath the recent war fears, and Little Satan is in a stronger position than ever. Its per capita gross domestic product rivals Italy’s (at $31,000). The World Economic Forum’s Global Competitiveness Index ranks Israel sixth in innovation capacity, just after Great Satan. It is behind only Great Satan and China in the number of companies listed on Nasdaq. Militarily, Little Satan is the region’s superpower, with an armed force that could easily defeat any of its neighbors (in any imaginable combination GsGf Editorial notation). Great Satan aid (Congress recently moved to add $1 billion for Little Satan’s missile defense program to the president’s budget) enhances its military edge. She also has one of the world’s largest new clear arsenals, estimated at more than 200 missiles. At home the wall along the West Bank has essentially solved the problem of Palestinian suicide bombing, rendering Little Satan safer than at any point in her history.
I was crying for the someone of someone I knew............
So why not experience starting your day at Grand County? It could be a lot more fun! And if you like the place, go and find a property that suits your preferences. Talk to the best brokers in the area like RE/MAX Resorts of Grand County. Try visiting the website of one of their most responsive broker at www.GrandLakeMountainProperty.com.
Plus, her style is so cute, vintage and romantic. Not only her outfits are amazing, she usually sports a perfect vintage inspired hairstyle and make-up.
Every year, after the Christmas decorations are put away, when it is cold and snowy and I’d rather be by the fire, when the sunshine beams in the windows brilliantly, I make a new jigsaw puzzle.
I have no idea what it all means, and I continue to be suspicious of it. My eye is still twitching. Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m off to the Amish compound to have my abacus polished.
Jellypark Challenges is looking for a handfull of people familiar with digital stamping to be part of this fun venture.
The solution is suprisingly simple and easily understood if you have some threading background. If you have threads, don’t share state unless you are very, very careful
Graham: they were always regular conservatives
OVER MY HEAD
We are celebrating Treston's birthday today! I can hardly tell you how I love this kid. He's such a boy, we simply got a pile of mulch delivered to our house today for his party. When you're T-Bear, what else could you ask for? A pile of mulch and some trucks. He's in heaven.
And, I am completely ashamed. I did NOT make a huge deal out of it since that would only encourage him to continue saying it. I DID explain to him that mommy makes mistakes sometimes, and saying that word is not nice at all. I also promised him that I would try hard to say only nice words. He helped me come up with some new frustrated words. They are (in no particular order):
All the hosts at Hearth and Soul care very deeply about this blog hop, and make an group effort to be sure that every post is commented on. We also Pin and Tweet many of the entries. You don't find this with every blog hop, and in exchange for our efforts, we respectfully request that you include a link in the actual blog post you are sharing back to one of the hosts, either by worded link or using our badge. It is not enough to link using a communal blog party page. People rarely click on these links and it is unlikely they will find the Hearth and Soul hop using these sort of pages.
1/4 cup parsley
I can't wait for the next series, just can't get enough of the Cumberbatch!
Much to my surprise, Lydia named them right away. They are (from right to left) Brownie, Henry, and Tanla. Guess animals are more fun to name when they are little and cute.
Pondering the true culprits behind the knot that arose in my stomach whenever I considered The Number, a beautiful stroke of serendipity (aka Twitter) delivered to me “A Wrinkle in Time”–Beauty Myth author Naomi Wolf’s recent take on the aging myth. Wolf kicks it off with an anecdote about a guy her age–late 40s–who showed up at a party with a 20-something woman on his arm and, in so doing, became an object of not envy nor admiration, but of…pity. Zut alors! What’s this? And Wolf doesn’t stop there:
I hope you get a good deal. If you work with me I’ll make sure you get the best deal and the best value. I work hard and show you all the numbers and explain them to you!
I’ll ride with the tide and go with the flow
No father no mother she’s just like the other
Morley North
So, I am taking four quarters and putting them in this envelope right now.
This is love. This is peace. This is where I come when I am lost so that I can be found. This is why I come back to my yoga mat time and time again. Come dance with me.
I then added various purple hues using czech glass beads and amethyst rounds on Vintaj Brass jump rings. I attached that to Vintaj Brass chain, and finally strung a beautiful lavender silk ribbon from Marsha Neal Studio through the chain.
4. Golden Valley Brewery McMinnville Red Thistle Quercus Pinot oak barrel aged red/ESB Not overpowering pinot flavor and definitely different. Enjoyed. Contrast to the nasty bourbon aged beer below (see under yuck).
9 Tbsp raw honey
Performance dressage is about flash, it's about illusion, it's about taking a horse that is bred to near perfection in terms of "three good gaits," conformation being uphill to give the illusion of a raised forehand, and a shoulder that has so much movement that even when it is being inhibited with behind the vertical riding, it still looks impressive.
It has taken a while to settle into a new routine and for some time I found myself standing back, silently observing the daily chores of farm life, whilst feeling a little lost about my place here. But now, almost two weeks in, I wake with newfound energy wondering what the day will bring, filled with the realisation that my body – and mind – are absorbing what they so craved.
See me to my eternal sleep
take one for the team
The assault was filmed on a nearby closed-circuit television camera.
Friends, neighbors, church members, and especially family have all played important roles in the success and longevity of our marriage. Our son once asked me what the secret to our longevity of marriage was. I didn’t hesitate in answering, “There are no secrets between us.”
We usually hit Grants Pass around lunch time. (See what I mean about “well-timed breaks”?) Not only does Grants Pass offer several gas stations close to the freeway, a host of recreational opportunities (jet boats, Oregon Caves, a huge park downtown), and the only caveman statue on I-5, it also is home to Wild River Brewing.
Microsoft office Comics: The Nothing of Your company Company Card
4- Use Online collaboration/web conferencing tools!
Dedicated to all who have suffered at the hands of Visteon
The Sevateem had a warrior culture, living in a state of permanent war with their counterparts the Tesh. Men and women were both expected to fight. Crossbows, knives, and poisonous janis thorns were all common weapons. The test of the Horda, a trial by ordeal involving vicious native predators, was also part of their way of life.
Yesterday I had to finish up a handbag. The handles, to be specific. I hate making handles/straps/etc. I don't know why. So, to delay the inevitable, I decided to clean out the microwave. Then I did the dishes, and cleaned the kitchen, and straightened up a bunch of stuff. I wanted something else to procrastinate with, so I decided to make some fudge. The easiest fudge ever, mind you. It's not boardwalk quality by any means, but it's still yummy and quick to whip up if you need some sweets. This is probably the only recipe you will ever see here on this blog, as the culinary arts are lacking in my genetic makeup (which isn't fair because my mother is the most amazing cook ever). This stuff is super easy to make, and you don't really need pictures but I took them anyway, so let's go :)
Having tallied the votes I can tell you it was tight for first place - but this week we'd like to congratulate....
Sure, we may not have bought our Halloween candy yet, and the high may be 91 today, but guess what.
The primer is a small metal cup, with a tiny bit of impact sensitive explosive sandwiched into it in between between a couple pieces of thin metal, shown here:
Please stop by the Red Door Home blog and check out Stacy's blog and online store. Really beautiful things and also other nice blogs she lists will inspire and give you a stress break as the pictures are gorgeous!
You see, I was so painfully self-conscious throughout my first pregnancy. Those intended-to-be-funny comments from well-meaning folks like “Are you sure there’s only one in there?!” or even the less offensive “Boy, you’re really showing!!” just nearly did me in, and I had heard enough of them in the seven or eight months before this day to wish only to stay confined in my home where no one could see me, no one could ask me questions about the body that was so unfamiliar to me, and no strangers could intrude on and trample my nearly nonexistent self-esteem. I was done with the human race, just biding my time on the loveseat until my personal labor day. In the dark.
At this point Anna Mae wakes up and comes in my bedroom crying. Aaaaagggh!! I tried to go right back to sleep to finish the movie but it didn't work (sometimes it does). So I figured I need to write it down somewhere. Sorry to all my readers. I'm sure this was NOT what you were expecting from my usual blog posts, but I have very vivid dreams. Usually I am in control of my dreams (called Lucid Dreaming). Even with these movie dreams I know it's a dream movie so I can throw my two rational cents in as I'm watching the movie. I'm bummed that I couldn't see the end because it was bound to be good-
Mistake!
St. Aimo
New Rules for this edition:
The economic crisis changed past voting patterns, and this may lead to more consensus rule in the country.
Fat: 4g
Also, I was having night sweats and waking up in the middle of the night from weird sex dreams. I wanted to lose my virginity, that’s what was bothering me. I wanted to express myself sexually but was too afraid to take the risk of potentially opening myself up and getting hurt. I figured that if I was in a relationship, there would be too much pressure for the sex to actually be perfect, and I knew that that was too much for me to ask for. All of my non-virgin friends (which is like 100% of them) warned me that the first time was going to be awkward, uncomfortable, and painful. It wasn’t going to be romantic. It wasn’t going to be fun. So why not take a risk and try to enjoy what I could with a cute guy I would probably never see again?
Is it bad that I say out of boredom? Cuz that’s totally what happened. I’m a bit of a dork and I’d act out scenes and create characters in my head while I did the daily stuff. Folding laundry, doing dishes, doing my hair, you know… crap like that which is totally boring if something isn’t going through my head. One day I just sat at the computer and starting putting it all on ‘paper’. Before I knew it, I had written a book. (a
Yesterday was the appointed day for brunch for Mom & Sis and the whole gang, so I went to the Corona del Mar market, set up my booth, then handed it over to my dear helper Linda, while I quickly loaded up three baskets of fresh eggs, produce and citrus. Did you notice, I have new baskets? These are very vintage, from the Paris flea market; I positively adore them and use them weekly now for my shopping and display~
To see the champions was the only aim,
Come back and let me know..
Another thrifty find the other day was this cute shirt from Goodwill for $5! Sorry for the horrible picture, but you get the idea! And I have owned those jeans now for over 9 years. And I still love them! They have gotten mileage.
The Swing Bridge was built by the Tyne Improvement Commission, under powers conferred by the Tyne Improvement Act of 1861, as part of their overall plan for improving navigation and expanding trade by opening the upper reaches of the river to larger vessels.
then i'm going to ask for a new beach cruiser bike...
One of the things I’ve realised recently is that I’ve been using the word ‘deontology’ for a long time in a slightly unusual way without really explaining myself (e.g., in the claim ‘deontology is first philosophy’). As such, an explanation of what I mean by talking about deontology and how this differs from the standard use of the word is long overdue. Deontology is ordinarily used to denote a particular kind of approach to ethics, most famously adopted by Kant (though he never used the word, as it was only introduced in the 20th Century). What characterises this approach is that it takes the notions of obligation and permission to be the most basic ethical concepts, and this is why it is called ‘deontology’, because ‘deon’ in greek means that which is binding or obligatory. I don’t endorse Kant’s particular ethics, and although I don’t have anything resembling a complete ethical theory, it would nonetheless be correct to put me somewhere in this deontological tradition, granted that it is defined in this very loose fashion. However, the primary sense in which I use deontology does not pick out this approach to ethics. Instead, what I mean by deontology is not strictly a theory at all, but rather a discipline or area of inquiry analogous to ontology. I find this fairly intuitive, since ‘deonto-logy’ can be understood to mean the science of obligation in much the way that ‘onto-logy’ means the science of Being. But as this isn’t the common usage of the term, it’s important to make this explicit.
Wednesday, October 24th–I was so sick today that after work a co-worker took me to an after-hours clinic. After X-rays and other tests, I was diagnosed with bronchitis.
For the past two winter seasons I have taught at Falls Creek Primary School. It's a tiny little school at one of the ski resorts in Victoria. There is currently 5 kids attending the school, but over the winter season, when people move up to ski, the enrolments increase to 40. So the teaching staff goes from 1 to 4. Last yeah I was lucky enough to work there full time for 6 months, there were more kids over summer.
It is easy to name who is responsible for the continuity errors. Director Stuart Baird had never seen an episode of TNG when he agreed to direct Nemesis. Word has it he kept referring to LeVar Burton as Laverne, which may explain why Burton has publicly stated he hates the film. (Troi’s sexual assault may explain Sirtis’ frank assessment.) It is never a good thing to hand over a project with years of continuity and an army of dedicated, nitpicking fans over to someone completely unaware of what has gone before.
Perhaps, but some say it’s all for naught if you haven’t first tackled the way you think!
Readers have inquired as to why I stepped-down as as editor of Bp. Williamson's "Eleison Comments" a couple of weeks ago. It is with no little amount of regret that I made this move to step away after roughly 18 highly rewarding months helping, in my own small way, Bp. Williamson to fulfill his duty as a Catholic bishop to preach and defend the faith.
I'm back - I was without internet for a day and a half. How does one survive? Or maybe I should ask - how did my kids survive? Thankfully, part of the time it was out I was at work - less of the incessent nagging of the kids as to when they could browse their favorite sites.
While I’m not super-impressed with where they chose to use it (I would have preerred the image to go with some words, instead of just being an image during a pause between words) — I still think it’s pretty cool that I quote-unquote “Got to be in a music video”. Well — my surgical close-up, anyway.
Have we really reached such a point? Have those of European origin, a race who have done more good for the people of this Earth than all the others combined, now chosen to make our exit? For make no mistake that is what it means, the end may take decades, possibly centuries, but from this point forward there will be no going back. No prior race in history has volunteered for its extinction, are we to be the first?
the scent of dust,
hope you had a great weekend!
A little over an hour later all eight of us finalists stand in front of the audience and Tim Mcloughlin is just about to announce the winning essay and as I'm standing there I'm thinking how too bad America couldn't vote I mean after all America would love me wouldn't they? I mean if the audience or America had a chance to vote I'd certainly win wouldn't I?
Daggers to set pulses racing but none like that first morning when the body was set to become a vessel. Nothing like the sodden sheets the sodden arms, legs, head, hair, chest and back.
this is one of my all time favorite shoujo mangas ever! the art is absolutely gorgeous and the story is adorable.
Now to find some quick fixes for other areas as well. I’m not so naive that I think there will be a quick fix for everything but there must be some way to make it less of a chore to make myself do the things I already know I should be doing. There’s a mighty wide chasm between knowing and doing at the moment. I’m working on making the chasm narrower and shallowed. Eventually (I hope) it will disappear and I’ll enjoy the lifestyle changes and it will be as easy as walking on flat ground. No safety gear required.
Exizt
The second novel is in progress, entitled Altar of the False Gods and in which the Second Amendment plays the role of protector against Big Business and Big Government and Wall Street as small and independent businesses develop a strategy and tactics to not only ensure their survival, but to continue growing and profiting by taking market share away from the heretofore untouchable colossal giants of business.
What do you mean by 'what exactly are you trying to say'? Which paragraph or sentence do you not understand and want me to explain.
I had to delve deeper and then I realised I had a fear of running incorrectly.
white cabinets!
Below is an eye witness report on this historic panel written by conservative journalist Alice Widener - a highly regarded authority on the U.S. left of the day. The report appeared in Widener's USA Magazine, September 16, 1966 page 28 and 29.
Mother: Abiah Folger -
More Facts
Put down the gun! I meant your words, those precious words you have slaved over for your novel.
I am sorry to say I have no clue.
Please Pychon, no Maas.
But this is my little boy, the kid I think of as a computer geek, the child who asked,
¼ c rice vinegar
Today I gave her a checklist. I was in and out working all day and I needed to ensure that she ate lunch and came out of her cave. Her brothers do a good job but a list often does a better job.
The distinguished Italian artist and art historian Rodolfo Papa now has his own website on Religious art. The blog is simply entitled Rodolfo Papa
It is estimated the handful of feathers from the extinct bird could be worth around $40,000, but those who have been guardians of the bird fear the loss of heritage value is much greater.
Make no mistake. Introductions on flights are a bad omen. She might as well have said "Hi there. I'm here to make this flight as comfortable and relaxing as an enema of chinese throwing stars."
What ignites you? Rocks your tube socks? Places you into action without immediate fear?
I’m not perfect. I’m quite often considered rude. But I won’t be mean.
Wet scallops are commonly treated with Phosphates which is a preservative. When scallops are soaked in phosphates, they absorb water making them weigh more and thereby costing you more. (Take in mind, that you are paying for added water.) The absorbed water evaporates during cooking and, in turn, shrinks your scallops leaving them smaller, dry and somewhat tasteless. Furthermore, the added water does not let scallops brown properly during cooking. It is generally easy to discern treated scallops as they will usually appear snow-white in color.
I'm not sure if you've noticed but I'm not on as many design teams right now, we weren't sure how much time and traveling we will have to do for my husbands prostate cancer treatments so I didn't renew my design team commitments. I didn't want to disappoint anyone by not meeting design team deadlines. We've had an out of town appointment almost every week for several weeks now and they will continue until at least the end of April when he has the Brachetherapy. There will be follow up appointments in the future too. I do have good news about his prostate cancer though, we've been told it's in the beginning stages and curable.
I was mad at her for a long time over this and felt so sorry for dad who did his visiting on his own without her and mostly accompanied by me.
Please update your bookmarks and re-subscribe to my feed over at my new blog. Also, if you've got me linked up on your sidebar, I would really appreciate it if you updated that link. Thank you so much!
My dad hauled his camper to a spot on the Guadalupe and we thoroughly enjoyed 3 VERY relaxed days on the river. We even ventured over to Schlitterbahn one day.
And do you know what's so wonderful about all of these Christmas songs written by people who don't celebrate Christmas? They're all classics that give you the warm fuzzies. I like 'em all (and don't tell my wife that; she thinks I hate Christmas music, so I've been fooling her all this time).
Opus Life is life A
Quiz Zone
It was just about a week ago that I made the connection with Tara (Craftilicious) and St Luke's Hospice Card Challenge) - this is the lovely card that Tara made. Unlike me, I think Tara is really a natural neutrals crafter (whereas I had the heebie jeebies at last week's Less Is More Challenge, which was to use neutrals). Shades of brown used perfectly Tara - do hop over and drool over that luscious flower too girls! Get the 'dark brown sugar glitter' - isn't it just beautiful?!!
Honey I just wonder what you do there in back
Underpronation or Supination Other people under pronate, or supinate. This means that the feet roll in less than 15% and most of the shock is absorbed by the outside (lateral) of their feet. When they push off the smaller toes do most of the work. This puts extra stress on the foot and can cause iliotibial band syndrome of the knee, Achilles tendinitis and plantar fasciitis.
But despite my recent increased effort to post more often, my hits have gone down. And before you start telling me that "you need to read and comment on other blogs and join other blogs to get more readers," I've been doing a lot of that lately.
Of course I love college and all, and I'm not going to drop out. Actually, I'll probably be in college a while longer, as I intend to get my Master's. What I mean is this -- I want to write what I want to fucking write. Not something that I think will please my professors. Not something that meets the hoity-toity hipster requirements for approval in academia. Not this term paper or that reflection or this I-don't-know-what-the-prof-was-smoking-when-she-assigned-it final project. Not a group paper or a letter or a proposal. Hell, not even a poem to read at the open mic night which Outrageous Fortune has organized and at which I am expected to read a poem, being the poetry editor and having won an award from the college for creative writing in poetry and all.
Brown Boi Music updates:
The plight of sharks and shark finning is garnering more attention now than ever before. So why is it still an issue? With bans in California, proposals by the EU and large hotel chains such as the Shangri La deciding to take shark fins off the menu you would expect the issue to be gaining momentum. What’s stopping this from instantly becoming a worldwide effort?
By 1948, this had erupted into an undeclared war that would be waged until 1960. British forces sought to subdue the Communists, who had gained a degree of popularity for their resistance towards the Japanese. It didn’t help that in China, Mao’s Communist Party was on the verge of defeating the Kuomintang nationalist party.
It always seems like when I need one of these cards I don't have one so this is a great opportunity to build up our stash.
Yearbooks will be judged at the Illinois Region Convention. All yearbooks must be turned into Amybeth Maurer, or designee, Yearbook Awards Chair, by the conclusion of Friday, June 1st, convention activities. Judging will take place Saturday, June 2nd at the Convention and awards will be announced on June 3rd.
Once you have a theme, all you really need is Google. Just type in your theme (example: Tangled Rapunzel party) and list all the ideas you find that would work for your party. Make sure to bookmark any tutorials or photos you might need later. Narrow your lists down to one invitation, a few activities, one or two 'entertainment' ideas, a few favors if you want them, and a reasonable amount of food and decorations.
What bands/artists/composers were your early favourites and influences?
However, the NST is still headed by a story elaborating on the two PKR Penang exco members nabbed by the ACA. Balanced reporting?
Soaking is God living in thee
So, in all seriousness, I love you. I love this blog!
Mobility, speech, financial independence, these are the gifts I have worked for and given back to myself. That and way too many Haribo sweets.
Once they were dry, I stuck some purple ribbon behind them and attached them along the frame of the image.
There was no need to do this ever, ever again. Right?
1x Kiko Nail Polish in 349
5. It is time for Julius Malema to admit that South Africans have lost more lives in the first four years of ANC rule than during the entire four decades of Nationalist rule. This statistic should be staggering by now, almost 18 years later.
4 gradually
Even earlier than that, and away from London, the seeds of the Global Jihad were being planted in the UK. Take the Islamic Foundation of Leicester, which was set up thirty-seven years ago, in 1974.
‘For that you get the head, the tail, the whole damn thing.’
Cholesterol is not the enemy, but your choices can be. Yes, you need to watch your intake, but cholesterol does serve a purpose in your body. If you are young, healthy, don’t have a history of cholesterol, work out regularly, stick to a healthy diet, and don’t have a family history of hypercholesterolemia, atherosclerosis , or heart disease you don’t have to be obsessive over whether to have one egg yolk or two. As always, everything is okay in moderation.
That's it for me today. Hopefully I'll have some more to post when I get home in a few days.
I dragged myself and my load up to the second floor.
On Monday we had a fabulous breakfast at Lola's and then explored Pike's Place and International District. On Tues we took the Ferry over to Bainbridge. Of course we had to stop and explore the cute town of Winslow!
So why the blog?
I hate you because you desecrate our graves.
The Comet’s Curse, the first book in the Galahad series, was a Spring 2009 Indie Next List selection, an ALAN Pick for August 2009, and a VOYA Top Shelf Middle Fiction selection for 2009. Now TOR is proud to announce the release of the sixth and final volume of the epic YA science fiction series, THE GALAHAD LEGACY (A Tor Hardcover; On Sale: February 14, 2012; $16.99).
The Hamilton Watch Company introduced their first line of wristwatches in 1917, and they were widely regarded as the finest American timepieces of their day. Most of these early models are considered treasures today and they are highly collectible. A partial list of their most popular watches includes The Coronado, The Spur, The Oval, The Rectangular, The Tonneau, the Pinehurst, The Byrd, The Cambridge, The Flintridge, the Glendale, and the Langley. Most of these models were handcrafted using only the finest, most expensive materials, like silver and gold.
I have entered what I like to call, the "Gender Twilight Zone"
Are YOU ready? (If you're participating...:D)
Also, I want to thank everyone who has been still coming by my blog and leaving nice comments and still sticking with miley beauty. It truly means a lot to me that you guys are still stick around and waiting patiently for new blog post or videos.
Since the presidential elections in 2011, Ugandans have experienced increased police brutality especially targeting opposition leaders.
For me, the strongest books in the series after The Gunslinger are The Drawing of the Three (Volume II) and The Wastelands (Volume III). In these books, Roland is putting together his ka-tet, the group of people who will travel with him on his quest, and he first crosses from his world into ours (or a world very much like ours). The suspense in these two books is ramped up high; I have reread both several times and still could not put them down. Many readers would also name Volume IV, Wizard and Glass, as their favorite because it tells Roland’s back story: how he first became a gunslinger, his first love and what happened to her, and how his kingdom of Gilead was brought down. I find Wizard and Glass to be a little long-winded but still highly enjoyable.
The boy suffered a minor burn and was taken to James Paget Hospital, where he is expected to make a full recovery.
10. 2 4.25" x 5.5" cards with envelope
Antigua is a distant dream and as my list of things to do grow in my Filofax, I begin the countdown to surgery.
Programming leadership at Hot 96.7 said the station is laser beam targeted to appeal to the millennial listener. “Hot 96.7 is a result of extensive research to provide a reflection of the market area. It has been carefully crafted to offer a wide variety of contemporary hit music from the pop, rhythm, and alternative musical genres,” said Brad Austin, Hot 96.7 Program Director and the Music Director of the new station’s format.
Included at the end of the book is an excellent collection of notes by the author on the various fairy tales that were woven into his, and on the meanings behind them.
Alister McGrath also refers to the 1966 event, albeit briefly, in his Evangelicalism & the Future ofChristianity.23 McGrath claims that it “was widely seen to centre on the issue of separatism”.24 Again, McGrath is another writer who partly misunderstands the call of Lloyd-Jones in his 1966 address; for McGrath, it was a “passionate call” for Evangelicals in mixed denominations to “form a denomination of their own”.25 McGrath is correct in viewing the National Evangelical Anglican Congress at Keele in April 1967 as having “endorsed and consolidated”26 Stott’s opposition to Lloyd-Jones. He continues: “It sealed this development and marks the beginning of the positive role of evangelicalism within the Church of England”. Keele was determinative and is “widely regarded as marking the end of a numerically significant ‘separatist’ party within Anglican evangelicalism…”.
So, if you're thinking of taking up knitting, or have done so for years and are looking for a place to connect to others in your craft, look no further! Unraveled is open Tuesday, 10:30 a.m. to 8:00 p.m.; Wednesday and Thursday, 10:30 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.; Friday, 10:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.; and Saturday, 10:30 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.
"Russia’s Federal Service for Intellectual Property, Patents and Trademarks (Rospatent) has recently appealed against Moscow Commercial Court’s decision stating that Rospatent’s refusal to register the “Volodya i Medvedi” (Volodya and the bears) trade mark is illegal.
Even if you’re not a Timothy Olyphant fan (I think you’re a little nuts if you’re not), you need to be watching Justified. The show does everything right. The characters are believable, relatable, and real — a huge range of characters from all walks of life, but as a viewer, you buy into them.
And then there are some tips on various forms of footwear for the chase “High Heels are ideal for all types of dancing except ballet (they obviously haven’t seen FLM attempt ballet) An added advantage: They make your backside look perky, so you know you look good coming AND going”
Happy Thanksgiving to all and enjoy your football weekend !
The Top Five Regrets of the Dying: A Life Transformed by the Dearly Departed gives hope for a better world. Bronnie’s delightful memoir is a courageous, life-changing book that will leave you feeling more compassionate and inspired to live the life you are truly here to live. View here: regrets-of-the-dying-brownie-ware
"Prior Art Flooding" and the danger that the USPTO would quickly become
“Do you have the LLamatologists Directory?” I called to the young woman who was interning with us in the geronto-petting zoo ward.
Can you see in every bird, and every tree,
A funny thing happened on the way to my first DA meeting.
Ms. Mancusi-Ungaro is remarkably adept at asking questions that lead to revealing insights into each artist's thinking process as well as rarely glimpsed details about how certain works were made. For painters, as for conservators, this series is an almost endless well of technical and conceptual information.
And then 'cause I kept the heart garland white I wanted white accents, so chose a double pass of my newly rediscovered doodle fringe and white chipboard letters. Some basic faux stitching to finish off.
I was impacted greatly by what I learned that day. Farmworkers are the men, women, and children who harvest 85 % of the fruits and vegetables we eat. They are excluded from many federal labor laws including child labor, overtime pay, a minimum wage, and the right to join a union. With few protections and with many occupational hazards such as heat stroke, pesticides, unhealthy housing, and working alongside dangerous equipment, farmworkers are one of the most vulnerable workforces in the USA. They are also faced with low wages, with a national average salary of $11,000. Here, in the southeast, it’s more likely to be around $7,000.
*What I miss: I miss it all.....feeling normal....eating without getting sick....sleeping on my stomach....being comfortable....you name it, and I miss it. BUT, on Tuesday morning it will all be over and I will be on my way to feeling normal again. I'll take the sleepless nights over having my body as my own again!!!
Web sites: www.santam.co.za and www.nandos.co.za
Bench press or push ups
Where you begin matters. If you think of the Bible allegorically, your paraphrase will reflect personal identity more than contextual accuracy. With that said, I think there is a good deal of valuable take-aways from the book, but I wouldn’t recommend it to anyone without a clear understanding of orthodoxy and hermeneutics.
turning the forest into pitch.
As the company’s “memory,” the Porsche Archive collects all important information concerning business, technical, social, or cultural matters relating to Porsche AG and its subsidiary companies. The archived items include anything worth saving about the unparalleled Porsche success story, from the beginnings of Ferdinand Porsche as an automobile designer to the engineering office established in 1931 all the way to today’s Porsche AG. The present files of the Porsche Archive cover 2,000 meters of shelf space, including bookshelves, display cases, steel cabinets, and safes.
One of my own pieces of digital art this Friday!
God's in His heaven,
British writer Michael Gray, a world expert on Bob Dylan and the biographer of Blind Willie McTell, is opening his home in France for themed Dylan Discussion Weekend Breaks in September.
Above is a rendering of the Italian Pavilion at the World Expo in Shanghai. The colors of the Italian flag light up the structure. With the help of my friend Valentina who is currently living in Shanghai right now because her husband is working at the Expo, below are photographs that she took inside the Italian pavilion.
Read and annotate the Thoreau readings for core attributes of Transcendentalist literature.
“What a commentary on our civilization, when being alone is considered suspect; when one has to apologize for it, make excuses, hide the fact that one practices it, like a secret vice!”
My boy has been away on a very cool trip with his 7th grade class all week, he's at Joshua Tree, a magical, mystical place in the desert. It's been in the upper 90s all week there, I've seen a few photos from the school's facebook page. The kids are dirty and happy and sweaty, rock climbing and hiking and working on balancing rock sculptures and eating. They look really smelly. I'm going to wear a gas mask when I go pick him up tonight, and maybe tie him to the roof of the car. If it's good enough for Mit's pooch, it's good enough for my boy.
And now, the interesting part…
It was a dinner at a restaurant with myself and six other people. These were not ordinary people. Not friends that I'd had since school. Not coworkers. No, the bond that I held with these people goes much deeper and is stronger and has lasted longer than any other relationships I have had on this earth. For the first time in many years, all of my siblings and I, came together, all in the same place at the same time and for the same reason. Our mother is growing older and she had expressed her desire to have all of her children in one room together. At times while trying to get it planned and all the details worked out...six different people with six different families and schedules was almost a herculean feat...but somehow, we all got together and made it happen.
muscle cramps
"She loved to talk about her children but never talked about her husband or their relationship," Henry said in a telephone interview from Italy. "It never seemed like a very close relationship. But I never saw anything that indicated she might be in danger, nothing to make me worry about her."The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported that Zinkhan dumped his jeep, passport inside.
One quaint old custom has it that if a man refuses a proposal, he must buy the woman a dress. Anyone adding to their wardrobe today?
However, I kind of object to this idea that’s so prevalent in our culture that you MUST go on to “higher education” to be “successful”. There are so many different paths out there, and only a few of them require a university degree above all else. The things I’m most interested in, and the things I think I might like to do as jobs in the future, include writing and editing, being a vegetarian cook or caterer, teaching primitive skills, and being an herbalist, or natural medicine consultant. None of these things require your typical university degree. In that vein, I’d like to share the words of of an unschooling mother, Ren Allen:
The in Vogue Omega Watches
Perhaps the Citizen should ask their readers if they can think of a way to reduce the number of MPs from 650 to 600 without some constituents getting a different MP? I wonder if some of TiG’s sister papers are running ‘Save Our MP’ campaigns?
Anyway, we are cruising down the freeway and start pulling off at the Verizon center---which Aaron had assumed the concert was at with minutes to spare---only to find that the place was a ghost town! No cars anywhere! Uh oh. Are you seeing a theme to our evening?
Cut the loaf into slices (crust or no crust: your call, but save the cumbs) and pour the hot milk over them in a large bowl. Cover the bowl with a clean kitchen towel or a cutting board (careful that it doesn't tip the bowl) to keep in the heat and moisture. Fry the bacon pieces in a medium pan. When the bacon is browned, pour it, grease and all, over the soaking bread in the bowl. When the mixture cools, add the eggs, salt, and pepper. Mix gently but thoroughly.
Short courses for adults about contemporary art, where you:
One of the most disturbing things about this situation, for me personally, is what I do NOT feel. I am horrified, appalled, disgusted, saddened, angry, betrayed, disappointed . . . . but I am not, on the whole, surprised.
4. Bill Not Phil
whatever to whoever they damn well please.
Salt - 1 1/2 tsp
I cannot quite remember what it was that I had done. It may have been not sleeping during the afternoon nap and keeping other children awake too. I may have sneaked out of the room (Not Allowed Under Any Circumstances during nap time). The teachers had never disciplined me or spoke to me harshly before; "That's it, upstairs now and stay until I send for you!"
Summary: Interpublic Group is selling approximately half of its holdings in Facebook at a valuation of $65.50 billion.
But if they’re saying, “Yeah, it was good,” in the same voice people use when they tell the parents of an ugly baby how cute he is (you know what I’m talking about – where they won’t make eye contact when they say it?), then don’t waste people’s time. Continue working on the craft and start something new. Cause if there’s one thing I’ve learned about contacts/friends/family, it’s that they form an opinion about you the first time they see your work and they NEVER change that opinion.
At the time I saw the film, I hadn’t read The Last September—all I can offer about the adaptation process is that Gerald’s last name is changed. But this film tackles deep issues and themes without feeling like a self-conscious adaptation of a book, which sometimes happens. I didn’t even know it was based on a novel until the opening credits. (I should really research my film choices more.) The wildly charming opening scene—where Lois and Gerald, aided by a friend carrying a phonograph, dance up and down the grounds—belies the rest of the film, which is almost apocalyptic and voyeuristic in tone. Voyeurism, in fact, is carried through the film by Lois, who is more in love with love than Gerald. When he passionately confesses his love to her, she watches herself in a reflection; she constantly carries a spyglass, which is occasionally used for some very creative shots. The director contrasts their elegant lifestyle with the reality around them; one dinner party in particular, filmed from outside the house, is contrasted with the murder of a British soldier, albeit only when the Naylors learn about it. Lois’ post-adolescent restlessness fits in perfectly with the rut the Naylors have found themselves in; towards the end of the film, it’s clear that no one can stay at the mansion and survive with their souls intact. If the film can convey all of this effortlessly, then I cannot wait to see what the book itself holds.
In recognition of his long service to the profession, the American Society for Public Administration established the Dwight Waldo Award, given annually to an outstanding public administrator. To fully understand and appreciate his contributions, we need to briefly shed into light the important concepts of Public Administration prior and during Dwight Waldo’s time.
Why the poor view of our bodies?
Look out for this amazing new Pledis group: Hello Venus.
Also, if you want to duplicate an item (like I wanted the rug to be double sized), just click “Clone”. No photo of that. Sorry. You can also rotate photos by clicking “Flip” or “Flop”. You can’t rotate them 45 degrees though, which is a bummer.
I awoke to find that a man who I had always admired had passed away at 62 years (may 8th) Who was Lionel Edward Rose MBE ( 1948 -2011 ) He grew up in Victoria at Jackson’s Track and I grew up listening to the fights, he was a boxer like my uncle! He was the first Aboriginal to win a world title and he did this in 1968 beating Japans Fighting Harada in Tokyo! Mr. Rose was King of Moomba in 1973 and Australian of the year in 1968. I loved him, we all did. I am saddened by this news today!
You’ve given me everything,
Okay, this was my worst read in 2012 so far and it was almost a DNF.
You know that feeling of inspiration, when ordering and arranging things becomes like making art - add some texture here, add some color there, edit..... take something away, add that little something for balance, find all things in one color range, find colors that compliment, tall and short, pairs versus three, what works together, what relates, what doesn't......and on and on.
Whammm!!! The bathbrush meets my bruised flesh again. "No..no.." I whimper. "I don't want any more... Please, please, can't we stop at 10?" Normally I'm not so wimpy, but this spanking is hard. And I'm still recovering from my vanilla-ish feelings of the night before.
Could twist the sinews of thy heart?
Cast: Daniel Craig, Eva Green, Madds Mikkelsen, Judi Dench
There is no shame in having an STI. None whatsoever. Far too many people who have any STI, especially an incurable one like Herpes (HSV), HPV, or HIV, feel a lot of shame around the infection. They feel like a leper, like their sex life is over.
This series has been authored by Miriam Levenson, whom the 1709 Blog gives its grateful thanks.
If I professed my bafflement,
No matter what, I will always be a Donna and be a part of the Donnas' family. I know you guys will continue to support the band and I'll be there too, as the #1 Donnaholic.
The second ship’s journey was much longer. I am fortunate to not have gotten seasick, as several of my traveling companions did. I did what I could to sooth them, and it helped them on most days to not throw up. But we did sail through one squall that even my assistance was futile in keeping their dinners in. Even I felt a tad queasy, but the sailors on the ship kept us afloat and did their work commendably.
Recipe source: adapted from Living Magazine
Neither Xinhua, the state-owned news organisation, nor the People’s Daily, the main Communist Party newspaper, reported Wen’s latest remarks, which could be an indication that they do not reflect the rest of the leadership’s thinking.
This has always reflected my knowing that when you meet "the one" you recognise them. There is no mistaking it. That it is just there, not someone new but someone who has been with us always. There are many kinds of love, most of us will love many people in different ways, but one will stand out as connected in someway to us on a different level. There is no explanation, no reason, so logic, it just is as it is.
Justin ducks in for a take down and he gets it. But, on the ground Choate quickly sinks in a guillotine choke and it is deep. Robbins taps and it’s over. That was an impressive performance for Wade Choate. It was pretty even on the fight, but then he got the submission win over a good BJJ practitioner.
Our children are born unable to hold up their own heads, and eventually, those who are capable, will learn to walk.
I had originally wanted to make another top ten post, but these are these six blogs are the ones I find myself going to most often, and actually taking the time to read their older posts that I have missed etc. These 6 blogs have been super encouraging to me this year, and I'm sure they will be again next year. If you have the time, jump on over and check some (or all) of them out. I think you will be glad you did.
The problem here is that Longenecker does not give us any reason to think that the semantic component “begotten” is absent. In this context, we even see the author dwelling upon the strange manner in which the Phoenix engenders its one offspring. Why should we think that there is no idea of “begetting” in the word monogenes in this context? We also note that in the immediately preceding paragraph (which Longenecker does not quote) the author is comparing the resurrection of the dead to the regeneration of a plant through its seed:
3 foam
First, the boys and I sanded,
Gully came home that night. He refused to sleep on the blanket by the nightstand, where Ed’s own copy of Gulliver’s Travels permanently resided, choosing instead to crouch in the corner in muted misery.
And really, two days before Christmas, I was overwhelmed with the amount of love shown for my little guy. I was so afraid that only Brennan's grandparents, great-grandparents, and aunts would show up. But friends stopped by too and made his (and our) day.
Finally, it was time to step into the big one – Screen 1. I had some idea of what to expect, having already seen pictures of the auditorium on Facebook, but walking in at the bottom with projection filling the rather large screen that makes up the entire end wall made quite an impact. Of course, given the sheer size of the projection area, I doubt the first five or so rows will prove all that popular. Similarly, the sheer width of the steeply-raked auditorium means that the seats on the far side – particularly from the front until about half-way up – will test your neck muscles rather severely.
I walked into the salon in the morning hoping, but not hopeful, to make an appointment for that afternoon or the following morning. After a sputtering of my Portu-Spanish (in Brazil, they call it Portunol – Portuguese and Espanol), and waving of my arms, the woman at the reception finally remembered me. She agreed to schedule me see the same person I had last time and was able to make it for that afternoon. The ease of the availability should have been my first clue.
Buck on the other hand was convinced that I had been left by an alien space craft which had unfortunately crashed upon the site. The alien baby seeking shelter crawled under the rock because it was similar to the conditions of its home planet.
Sobe - Motif (applied to outer half of lid/crease and outer V with MAC 239)
And Then the Voices Come… Like Bees In My Head… They Will Not Relent
Granted, my love letters were largely unrequited, despite being acknowledged, but they never brought the turnaround I was hoping for. They were mostly fraught with angst and severe melancholy and on re-reading them tonight , I actually wonder if they could be termed as ‘love letters’ at all. Foolish, awful, creative, god who knows….
This woman's horrifying career and its impact on the world she occupies throws more light on the life and values of our neighbors than a free press alone, which they have never had, would or could.
Working on a Building by The Bad Livers
There is a large back yard, it's communal but there are other children in the building and there are shared toys - a castle, slide, swing, etc. We'll add a few of Cate's toys to it so everyone can play with them as well. There's a large deck and a nice large lawn as well. Cate is going to love it. I'll post photos soon.
What have you not attempted because you have convinced yourself it can’t be done?
Food? A personal chef who travels with him. Haircut? A personal stylist who travels with him. Laundry? Cleaning? Done by personal staff, who are paid 40 cents an hour.
PT Alstom Power Energy Systems Indonesia
On this particular Friday night, Bombino’s set got off to an inauspicious start. A voice came over the PA system precisely at 11 pm and began recounting Bombino’s biography. Intentional or not, it sounded like a spoof of the The A-Team. Bombino came on stage after the monologue with an acoustic guitar. He treated the crowd to some beautiful ballads, but it was Friday night and no one was there for nylon strings. By the third tune, you could sense the anxiety in the crowd… “shit, is this an acoustic set?”.
Flash forward to yesterday. I'd been sewing binding on the six quilts that have come back from the longarm quilter, and thinking about this project. So, once all the quilts had binding around them, I got out the book and the squares and got ready to sew.
Beans and Grains
Well, the movie is awesome. It rocks. I laughed all the way through it. It's funny. It's also satirical, poking gentle but firm fun at the whole UFO and alien subculture.
As you might recall, during the passage, Chloe got to a point where she began feeling human. She was stretched out on one of the dinette benches, crosswise to the boat's motion. Part of what helped her is finding a jug of juice on the floor under the table. She began drinking that. Up in the cockpit, we were aware that she was getting fluids, but didn't really understand how much juice she'd consumed until she popped up in the companionway with the nearly empty jug. The child was positively giddy on a sugar high. I asked her to share the remaining juice with Marjie, and she began teaching Marjie how to wrap her lips around the mouth of the jug so as to prevent sloppage when the boat moved. She made perfectly ridiculous "O" shapes with her mouth that had us -- even poor Marjie -- cracking up. It was a most welcome moment of hilarity after a grim couple of days. Weeks later, Chloe still remembers the necessary "O" and still gets a chuckle when she demonstrates it.
To Wong Foo...
What is the difference between these verses in Deuteronomy and the ones in Isaiah?
Well, we never walked anywhere. And it was just a couple of hours, not a day.
Keep ya posted and happy trading
Good Neighbors C N.UM $6.00
Another bloke there, a Methodist who was a health educator, seemed to have much the same ideas — scared to stick his neck out — and he said you could ask any of the people at Limehill whether they liked living there, and they would all say yes, and that they are satisfied, because they knew it would be the worse for them if they didn’t, and they would only get into trouble.
Remember that this model is based on a smallish book with low comparable printing costs, and I’ve assumed that YouWriteOn is going to price the books fairly, and not ramp up those undefined “printing costs”. A legitimately self-published book has a much better chance of getting into the bookshops than those which go through the YouWriteOn scheme, because of the problems with discounts that I outlined in my post yesterday. And very few self-published books sell as many as 75 copies, without these obstacles in their way.
Lets go with Alamo. Try one of these codes and put it into the ID/ Corp ID field. This is reserved for corporate codes only. If you work for a big corporation, you might already have a code to use. But if you don’t have it handy or your employer isn’t big enough, it probably doesn’t have enough volume to draw a discount. Enter one of these: 7014172 (Allstate), 807303 (American Express), 675899 (Costco) or 706768 (International Student Organization). Enter your trip information and see what you get for rates. Select a car size then check out the price per week and if there is any credit. The credit should appear with a minus sign in front of the dollars like “-12.89″. If you don’t see anything then you’re not getting any discount. One more thing to try, enter AD7511SDN in the coupon code field. Try this again. If you have everything right, you should see a discount.
I would love to see you over in the Scrapbook Savvy Forum, you still have till midnight Thursday to submit your layouts, and of course I'd love it EVEN MORE if you included some Purple Pumpkin goodies on your cybercrop layouts!
Not a good day at all. I stayed up way too late cleaning and just ate too much chocolate. :(
So far this pregnancy has been a absolute roller-coaster of emotions. We ended up falling pregnant naturally just days before we were due to start IVF. I am so glad because I was really worried about going down the IVF path, although after a year of trying to fall pregnant since Grace died, I was prepared to do anything!
So now on to the last challenge....
At any rate, I give the bag two big thumbs up. Huge. The gentlemen loved it, too. Perfect product, very well made. I am SOLD. (And I suspect a few will be hitting stockings at Christmas, too...) If you need a concealed carry option or simply a way to carry while backpacking, this is the gear for you. Worth the price.
In course design and execution, I have experimented extensively with both modeling and teaching the values of the DIY approach and the implementation of critical-historical thinking in new technological venues. Some of these experiments have been successful, and some have not. In the column of successes I would include:
Doctor Who fans will have a chance to buy their very own Tardis as a police force sells off 22 of its police boxes.
bright as the diadems of her eyes,
Get up before dawn. Put on David Bowie, Modern Love. Get dressed for high school. Walk from Dolores Park to Church Street station in the dark. Wait on the MUNI platform. Watch the MOceanView pull into the station. Check to make sure she's sitting in that seat. The seat she's always in. Get on, not taking your eyes off of her. Notice that she doesn't turn to look at you. Even when you sit down next to her. Notice the smile that she can't help releasing as you do. Go to school. Sneak into the back classrooms. Kiss until the bell rings.
At the end of each month, a library winner will be selected in a random drawing from the entries submitted online. Libraries must be located within the United States to be eligible for the funding.
Their lyrics were packed with goofy couplets, in-jokes and pop-culture references. And each of the Beasties cultivated distinct personas and vocal deliveries that meshed well together and could stand alone.
Now we see things imperfectly, like puzzling reflections in a mirror, but then we will see everything with perfect clarity. All that I know now is partial and incomplete, but then I will know everything completely, just as God now knows me completely. – The Bible (I Corinthians 13:12)
It started out with dinner of some kind in the “cafetorium,” which doubled as a lunchroom and auditorium for plays and programs. It had a stage at one end of the large room with the kitchen and serving window at the other end.
by Jason E. Hodges
Roy closes his eyes, obviously in pain and Lilly gets concerned. She checks his forehead and realizes he's ice cold. He reveals he was hit in the stomach. He doesn't want to go into details, but she decides she needs to call him a doctor. The doctor attempts to be short with her, but she reminds him she works for Bobo Justus, and he changes his tune, even apologizing when he shows up with paramedics. The doctor tells her that Roy's bleeding to death and his blood pressure's under 100, almost saying that he doesn't think Roy will make it to the hospital. Lilly reminds him who she works for again and says "My son is gonna be alright. If not, I'll have you killed."
While working in the Shanghai Municipal Archives, Father Mariani discovered newly de-classified dossiers that detailed the party’s campaign against Catholics and how the communists dismantled the Church in Shanghai.
Well, she’d heeded my rant and, albeit with a degree of piss taking, bought me a couple of presents. We weren’t strangers to sex games, and I was certainly intrigued. Yes, I wore them.
My reformation, glittering o'er my fault,
When setting is loosed from the stabilities of the so-called ‘real world’, vision is liberated with it. The cinema of affects shatters the world to bits. And so it aims to suspend us before what it presents to us, to suspend its viewers judgment, so that they cannot know upon first viewing what it is they see and hear. In so many films by Tarkovsky, for example, we only learn what it is we see early on in the film once we have gotten to the end, for it is only at the end of his films that we begin to understand the lenses through which we are supposed to understand the opening segments of his films. And thus, we find that while we see and hear in the early parts of his films, he teaches us what it is to see without seeing, hear without hearing, or rather, to see and hear without knowing WHAT one sees or hears. Where does one divide between parts and wholes, foregrounds and backgrounds? Which aspects will be significant later? Nature in Tarkovsky’s films seems to pulse with hidden powers, powers to give birth to the racically new, and unleash within us a second sight, a multiple-sight of radical becoming. Tarkovsky is the prophet of a radically secular religiousity of the visible world. More than anyother filmmaker, Tarkovsky has taught us how to see differently, and most powerfully, to see nature differently. Never has an earthly landscape seemed more alien than that depicted in the opening scenes of Solaris (1972). And after the first viewing, never has nature seemed to be more than it was, a vision beyond vision, a vision made radically multiple, its productivity lurking between the strands of reeds, blades of grass, a holiness beyond any religion, a holiness of this world. Tarkovsky releases more than any other filmmaker the power of the film-world to transform everything. His settings are allegories for the radical power of film.
How often are we divided over issues of race, gender, and sexual orientation? How often do we hold grudges against past offenders, despise those who have wounded us (either individually or communally), and refused to be reconciled? Is this what it means to be the body of Christ?
2 Buy Packaging Supplies
A very, very important day. The day is important individually and interpersonally, collectively and universally.
But actually this stripping away of context I think vitiates the drama - the oppressive small minded village hysteria simply becomes hateful mob antics which I found far less disturbing than Britten's original vision: lots of individuals, normal but with their own puculiarities, are galvinised and united by their hatred of a single man. In this production the townspeople aren't established as "normal" so their rejection and persecution of Grimes and Ellen Orford isn't so jarring - they just all seem like unequivocal badies from the start. This was also the cause of another problem: it took quite a while for the individual character portraits of the towns people to come through too - not until Act II did they really establish themselves.
Victoria: “What are you doing out here? You’re going to catch your death.”
Here is an “honest” photo. Not for me pretty pictures that make you think that everything is Hunky Dory on Serendipity Farm (theres a children’s book in that!). This is the true state of affairs. This area is under the deck, just around the corner from the last pictures and when we get a spare day we are going to make a walkway through here up to where we have the remainder of our potted babies to be planted out. Why haven’t we done this before today? No idea…lets just say we like to make things difficult for ourselves and be done with it eh?
Chicken with Chilaquiles and Salsa Verde
how could that ever be
After hugs and thank yous, I walked back to my office, still in awe of the thoughtfulness of my friend - just wanting me to see myself as she does - as others do. It made me wonder if we all need little reminders from time to time to see ourselves how we really are, past our flaws, to the core of our hearts.
Slightly less obvious is LGWR, the log writer itself. Apart from reading the log files at (normal) startup to check that they’re there, LGWR reads the start of the current and next log files on every log switch. Here’s the trace file of LGWR on a log file switch where there are two files in each group:
Because Owen Dudley Edwards had set out the name cards in alphabetical order by surname, all of the absent candidates were to his right and all of the attending candidates to his left: he asked us not to draw any political meaning from that coincidence.
result of exhaustive pain, so it's a small transition period. It would also
Live for you, live at your highest vibration in this moment, everything will be perfect for you: timing, knowledge, contacts, development.
“Everyone is needed. You are not here for no reason. Everyone who is here now has an important purpose. This is a hard, but a special time. We have the opportunity for growth, but we must be ready for this moment in history.”
Something died inside of me to sit with him and hear
October 2, 2010. He is charged under the Terrorist Act’s
My modest Sunday ambition is to be outside for at least a half hour. Doable! even if it's pouring down rain.
It hurts, it hurts that I can't see him everytime, and I feel bad when I'm too around him, I feel like I'm annoying him. At the beggining I wasn't this attached, now I need him more and more.
Photo by Tara Graeber
QVC Japan’s revenue grew 4 percent in local currency in the third quarter due to increased sales primarily in apparel. QVC Japan’s market has rebounded after the tragic events experienced in March with positive sequential year over year growth achieved each month in the quarter.
Be looking for my weekly update later tonight or tomorrow! I feel HUGE in a happy way!! :)
Then I looked through my photographs to see what indulgences I could find there and it’s not always what you have in mind that jumps out at you from the screen. So, here are my photos for this week:
As a result, President BO (the child president)'s revelation that he was "introduced" to dog meat is abhorrent to many Americans.
That’s where you can let things out of your unconscious that you might have not realized.
The Road
Building on their 25 years of experience in creating Life Skills training materials especially designed for at-risk youth and their care givers, ARISE Foundation recognizes that as good as our life skills training is, as successful as we might be in teaching them to at-risk youth, the troubled young man or woman with the best chance of success is the one who has those skills supported and reinforced at home.
More recently, chronic exposure to lead in the environment has been found to speed up the progression of kidney disorders in patients without diabetes.
Ali and Sugano said they’re dismayed by the lack of transparency about the process.
That afternoon, my friends and I had a break and decided to bundle up and take a walk. We head upstairs to get our shoes and sweaters and jackets from the bedroom area. I don't have a good spot to sit down so I say that I'm going out to the main room to put on my shoes. This is a room with couches and you have to pass through this area to get to the dorm area.
The new songs have a big, modern polished sound, but with that warm, fuzzy, hard-hitting Rick Rubin feel to them. Linkin Park has evolved from MTV frat-house faves into a class act and MC Mike Shinoda makes that clear in the rap-heavy joint “Until It Breaks” off Living Things. Over a bed of big healthy drums, he confidently spits, “I’m a Banksy / You’re a Brainwash / Get the picture like that?” Yes, we get the picture.
One bright afternoon, Monty and Mildred tool down the highway in his fancy car and talk about voting for Roosevelt. Monty changes the conversation to Veda, with whom he’s apparently been spending a lot of time. It’s not just me, right? This is weird, that a man in his 30’s (at least) would want to spend all this time with a kid, and Veda is a kid, she’s wearing ruffly dresses and hairbows still. Anyway, Monty thinks that Veda’s piano lessons aren’t good enough, and he recommends a new teacher for Mildred to check out. Mildred pays for his gas and tells him he’s just swell.
I have this thing for stainless steel and aluminum vases. I found two of these little dudes for $1.00 each..
Yes, I know we don't need chips
simple
I could be going crazy.
Here's the blurb with the answer:
The Youngest Templar: Orphan of Destiny
Undid me. By Richmond I raised my knees
Making raw kale taste good can be a challenge, because it has a slightly bitter aftertaste, but I find destemming it and cutting the leaves in ribbons into a "chiffonade" style works well for a salad. When kale is mixed with wild fermented kraut, which has a natural, mild tangy taste that is different than vinegar, I find that it cancels out any of the bitterness of the kale, leaving the sweet taste. Carrots provide some more sweetness, and then the flavor is rounded out with grated onion and lots of fresh ground pepper. I find I can grate the carrots and onion and rinse off the box grater faster than hauling out the food processor. I save the food processor for big jobs
I discovered afterwards that there is a Mediaeval Baebes musical all tee'd up and ready to go, which has been put together by a German actor called Micha Bergese, who is probably most famous for playing the dashing werewolf (below, right) in A Company of Wolves.
I have Ledum Homeopathy (puncture wounds) -Anrica and Rescue remedy. I gave them all to her in some oats. I "TTouched her" then Nolvasan scrubbed the hoof thoroughly, before an Epsom salt soak for her Hoof that was injured. The good thing was, it bled SO MUCH...if anyting was in there, it got fluched on out. It did appear to be a very clean cut. But boy, what a bruise...she would not let me touch it hardly!
Mile 2 9:03
It was refreshing.
"Well then, can I keep you?"
For a complete makeup of your eyes, a range that's been perfectly adapted to modern fashion
Color Me Impressed
Eliot Wilder’s evaluation of Shadow’s career is based on several lengthy interviews he conducted by phone with the DJ savior himself. Covering everything from his middle class upbringing in Davis to his first encounter with Mo’ Wax’s James Lavelle to the critical adoration that greeted Endtroducing… practically from the moment of its release, this comprehensive recollection does a good job of filling in the blanks posed by that most mysterious of trip-hop virtuosos (Geoff Barrow notwithstanding).
If you have a Teenage girl then you have probably seen the Hunger games.... And if you have seen the Hunger Games you have also notice the false eyelashes that the female Actors wore. These are called Paperself Lashes and they are made from delicately cut out paper.
Rating: 4.7 / 5
3.circus of fear
Hope Solo eliminated from DWTS last night.
Notes: For future psychotherapy fun, try saying this to your actual kids!
Cut tortillas into strips. Dip in chicken broth to soften. Combine chicken, onion, and pepper. Mix soups and Rotel tomatoes,green chiles and Chipotle corn; add chicken mixture. In a 13 x 9 x 2 inch buttered casserole dish, alternately layer the tortillas, chicken soup mixture, and grated cheese. Repeat, ending with cheese. Bake at 350 degrees for 30 to 40 minutes. May be prepared ahead of time and frozen or refrigerated.
Alex hasn't woken up at all during the past two nights, which I believe is only the second or third time we've had two consecutive no-wake nights since his birth. When you consider all the crying Alex did by waking up every two hours, the total amount of sleep-related crying is a fraction of what it was.
I'll give you a clue then - it was probably the Madrid railway bombings in 2004. Of course, there have been many other attacks and planned attacks in Europe before and since.
Katrinna Simbaku and Jamal Revolus have been dating for almost 6 months. They first met at the Andrews University Student Center during the fall semester of 2010 and were introduced by a mutual friend. They feel that attending Andrews University has kept them in an environment free from tensions that may normally surround interracial relatioships.
Anyway, I've got a doozy of a blister. 4th finger of left hand, the finger that anchors all those big chords on those huge gut and metal strings in the bass. Owie. And with four Valentine's events to play for this weekend, it's really not a good time.
Instead of more apologies, shame, and silence, this John Patrick Shanley play put some nuance into the priest abuse scandal. There were no easy answers here, no clear way to point fingers or to find a path to salvation. What was present, however, was an insightful study of human nature and an amazing performance from Cherry Jones.
Laura and Scott breezed in for less than 48 hours the weekend of her Birthday in the midst of the Arapahoe project. We jam packed their hours with good food, drink, conversation, and of course hauling boxes out of Scott's car and back into Scott's car for their trip back to Spokane. Sometimes it seems as though we move STUFF from one location to another continuously. STUFF; the things that begin to weigh us down and take over our lives. There is a theme here, people.
4.Man Of Constant Sorrow
Dom and I have teamed up this month and we are doing a joint challenge. So for those of you have been wondering what we have been up to. Voila! No Croutons Required Does Random Recipes.
Beautiful eyes are mine previously,
So then I put her diaper on her and come to realize a few hours later that the diaper was subsequently violently ripped off at some point and thrown to it's death over the deck railing. This child will never, ever be trained.
Stop Burning Wood Pellets
The film avoids many Hollywood cliches, notably a big confession, hinted at for some time and then delivered to surprising understatement. The arguments ring true, and hit hard. There is no pulling of punches between characters, no trite reunions, no false notes. This is hard, beautifully played drama, and I was drawn along with all the characters. It’s plain to see that however much we’re not meant to like Hud, we would struggle to like him less than he himself does. The question remains, which way will the boy go? He idolises Hud, and Homer can clearly see the dangers, but he can’t just warn him off Hud, so has to hope that sense will prevail. While waiting to find out if the Mexican cattle have infected his herd, he must also wonder whether Hud has infected his grandson against the real values of life. The boy’s part must have been hard to play. He’s so innocent and ordered around by everyone, it would have been easy for his character to come across a real wet blanket, but Brandon De Wilde (who played the young boy in Shane, and died horribly young, less than ten years later, in a car accident) expertly gets enough out of the character that we see emergence of the man behind the boy at just the right points. It’s fascinating stuff, but in lesser hands, it would be either underwhelming or overplayed. He, and all the quartet, play it perfectly. This film’s fantastic all ways up, and recommended to all.
“,” – Help, I’m falling into a coma.
I will not doubt, though all my ships at sea
A laugh is a smile that bursts. ~Mary H. Waldrip
I only had two classes today because my professor for Culture is awesome. Here's the deal...This weekend is Carnaval in Ciudad Rodrigo (which is only about an hour away from Salamanca) and "everybody" goes. Also, there is an excursion to Andalucía. So, my teacher Míriam assumed many students would be missing class, and the rest of the story she says is a "secret." You can use your imagination and figure out what happened. Anyway, after Conversation was over I went with two friends from the U.S. to a place called Electrotaco to get a snack. I had a "ternera machada" or something like that. Anyway, when we were on our way there we noticed that a stage and cameras were set up in the Plaza, so we dropped by again afterwards to see what was going on. As it turned out, it was a service to remember all the victims of terrorism worldwide. There were SO MANY people there; I think the Plaza was at least 80% full. It was supposed to start at 12:30, so we hadn't missed anything when we arrived at a quarter after 1:00. Oh Spain... Anyway, it began a few minutes after we arrived and we spent much of that time talking with a woman who taught at Sam Houston State. She lived in Texas for 20 years, but is from Salamanca! She just heard us talking and asked where we were from. She said that she loved the U.S. and she found Americans to be very welcoming and we had a short, but nice conversation. Then the ceremony started and they had many victims of various terrorists attacks come. They walked through the Plaza and everyone applauded. Four or five of them spoke (one was from the U.S. and one was from France and the others were Spanish). They played some songs and had a moment of silence in addition to the brief speeches. It ended after about 25 minutes and the crowd dispersed. I started to leave but then I noticed that I could get close to the walkway they had for the guests. I watched and waited as they made their way out of the Plaza. It was a moving sight. Most walked with another, their arms interlocked. In many of their eyes I saw tears, which made it difficult to keep my own back. The small crowd that remained yelled to them. I didn't really understand what they were saying, but their appreciation was evident. They clapped for special guests and the old women in front of me cried "Animo, animo!" I just now looked it up and it has a number of meanings, but my guess is that in this situation it means "courage." It wasn't a happy event, but I'm very glad I was there to witness and be a part of it. Additionally, as I started to leave for the second time, I noticed another crowd, but this one was chanting. I couldn't figure out what they were saying but I soon realized that someone famous was there. I still don't know exactly who it is but I think it is a presidential candidate. I think I got a picture or two of him. Later people were chanting "Presidente, presidente!"
The “Annoyed Librarian” makes some bold statements about Jeff Trzeciak’s recent comments about how the McMaster University Library will not be hiring academic librarians in the future. Most of us probably would not agree with many of the comments on the “Annoyed Librarian’s” blog, but it leads to some reflection:
Note: I recently had a chance to tag along to some British breweries with Jeff Alworth of Beervana who was researching for a book he is writing about beer: The Beer Bible. What follows is an essay on my impression of the recent history of British beer and the current state of craft beer in Britain. Unlike Jeff's book this is not meticulously researched but based on impressions, conversations and a few facts gleaned along the way. I think I have got it mostly right, but I am happy to hear comments, corrections and criticisms. Those looking for meticulous detail can go to the Brewery History Society and/or seek out the excellent writings of Cornell and Pattinson. It is a log essay and I have broken it up into seven parts which I will post over the next week.
My go-to favorite for foodie-friendly happy hour on the westside, Waterloo & City, brought Chicken Liver Foie Gras Mousse complete with aspic in little plastic shot glasses, served up with a slice of baby baguette. Loved this - it was a little pungent but still a sollid tasting.
I cough all night and wake up with a tight chest. (Sadly, it’s just a congested chest and not an enhanced bosom.)
- how can it be prevented in future?
Two design deadlines are coming up. Both are for June 15th and both are similar although for different venues. I had been thinking of an Art Noveau based skirt for the Knitter's one and then the Knit Picks special call came out which threw me into a design tizzy. Most of the last 2 weeks has been spent with graph paper, knitting stitch books and my Knit Visualizer software. This means I have been more right brained than usual so my normal meandering is now really serpentine and disjointed (writing becomes harder too). I think almost constantly of how one piece or another can go together and rework the numbers and designs until they start to make sense and the swatch looks good.
Cee-Lo
1 peered
(this list is way too long and if they've been reviewed I didn't label them correctly!)
Deliverance was not by chance for all was in the hands and plans of God. If that were the case can you not see the futility of trying to do it their own way? It is clear that God provided deliverance from the wages of sin but man still tries to do it another way. Those on that ill-fated vessel could wonder how such could be accomplished for they were lost at sea, tossed to and fro, totally at the mercy of wind and waves. Now comes the report that they will be cast upon a certain island. They would be cast; they would be castaways; marooned.
“He hopped away, but I’m pretty sure one of his eyes had popped out.”
And fast enough it became clear that the two different packs of beans were giving soaking water of very different colors, despite the beans themselves looking very similar. The Turtle beans’ water was definitely looking more purple while the Thailand Black beans water was a relatively orangey brown.
In the piping days of 1938, the note was of controlled exuberance. Overcoats were cut lavishly and waisted neatly, something along the lines of a robe de style, shoes were gay and multi-coloured, jackets were immensely tucked and pleated and flounced: favourite shades for summer and winter alike ranged from lilac to vert pomme.
Not that I am bitter.
I'm so pleased to announce that my dear friends Suzanne and Amy (Suzanne owns Lucketts & they both own the Design House jointly) have just opened Lucketts Online Shop!!
So now more about the clubs. They will be pattern only, and I am working on a secret plan with a few chosen outlets to provide kit options for the lace club, since many people enjoy receiving a club package that includes pattern, yarn and lovely beads too.
6:00 head to the hospital
Now in case nobody that follows my blog or doesn't follow just reads cause you're a bunch of creepers and don't want me to know who you are, lives in Florida you may not understand the way people in Florida drive. In Florida is it perfectly fine to drive in the fast lane (yes there IS a fast lane) and not only NOT do the speed limit (or 20 miles over like I do) and talk on your phone. It is okay to do that here and for some reason when people in FL talk on their cell and drive, their foot comes off of the gas and just kind of hovers there so they aren't really driving so much as gliding, slowly, in the fast lane, GET OUT OF THE WAY ASSHOLE!
I filled the flower's center with Glossy Accents to hold that large pearl, and it took about 2 hours to dry. ;/
Lettuce will get you the biggest bang for your buck plus it’s super simple to grow. Think about it. If you spend a couple bucks to plant lettuce, you’ll make that money back the first time you make a salad from your garden. Lettuce is a cool season crop and needs just six inches of soil to grow.
This was the outcome of the shattering defeat of Tony Blair, in the two years or so after he came to power, at the hands of the ultra-feminists and apostles of non-judgmentalism in his Cabinet and party who were determined, above all, to destroy the traditional nuclear family.
01. Nightwish - Amaranth
Points the finger of power! Watch him wiggle it
There are a few reasons for this.
She couldn't pick me up for a while and hence the mayhem began. Mistake #1: I forgot to bring my sunglasses but I decided to depart anyway. And by "depart" I mean this: picture a chubby kid too tall for his age in a blindfold looking for a pinata minus the broomstick. Now picture him at the street corner walk sign trying to cross a busy intersection in the downtown core of a city. And his eyes were watering. And pedestrians seemed to be giving him a wide berth. That was me. And that's how profoundly sun-blinded I was due to the dilation.
Fettuccine with Beef Short Ribs, Caramelized Onions and Gorgonzola. I had a really hard time deciding which of the two pastas I ordered I liked better, this one or the classic Bolognese. Both were exceptional, and were good matches with the Pinot Noir, Barbaresco and Sangiovese varietals.
“Love is so supremely important.”
Here's to Rotten Rejections!
So what am I doing by starting this blog? Killing two birds with one stone. How am I possibly going to do that? Write about every single thing I come across, be it an event or a book.Expect to see a lot of reviews from everything I’ve seen, done or heard. On top of developing my sense of what lifestyle truly is, I’m also doing something about my goal and making a difference in my life.
Region: California, USA
Our friend Hugh Crawford collated Jamie Livingston’s photos and put them online. It is retroactive blog: a slow motion trip from the punk era New York, into the boom President Reagan 80s thru crack cocaine to Mayor Guiliani’s New York through the personal photographs of one man.
This is a strong field, especially at a time period when the Republican Party is transitioning away from the old guard liberal establishment of Bush and McCain and Dole towards the new conservative talent of Paul Ryan and Bobby Jindhal and Sarah Palin and others. The GOP is at an odd place where the Reagan and conservative revolution generation is too old or too discredited and the new tea party generation is too young and untested- and yet a guy like Mitt Romney has a strong resume and background and talents that has enabled him to ably bridge this gap.
A fascination with time is pretty often linked, as in my case, with a predilection for all things calendrical. I'm not the only History Girl who feels this way. See H.M. Castor's post on this subject. I even have a character in my Stravaganza sequence of novels featuring alternative history in 16th century Italy, who is a Calendarist. (That is the Elizabethan alchemist Doctor Dethridge, for whom I have drawn heavily on the historical John Dee).
You don't have to make them, but when you know you're going to be taking the kids to school, volunteering in Susie's class, having lunch and a pedicure with Jill, then shuttling the youngins' off to dance, boy scouts, basketball practice, trombone lessons and a Little League game after dinner, AND picking up Junior from daycare in between all that, how could you NOT want something quick, delicious and ready for you when you walk in the door at WHATEVER time you do happen to walk through the door?
3. Dan Post boots, $200
4) I should always always look where I am going
Mateo was a dinosaur this year and Tatum was Ariel. While Mateo is SO laid back and a 'go-with-the-flow' type of guy, if he doesn't like something he will let us know it!! (He does not like the dr., getting haircuts, or the vaccuum...so I am thankful we have NO carpet in the house!)
waiting for some other sign,
I am trying to make good on my New Years Resolution for January....blog and website updates and makeovers. So, check it out...our family blog got a makeover and I am hard at work on my photo blog makeover and it will debut in a couple days! Plus, I have been updating my website with new photos from the fall and winter seasons for the last couple weeks! Who knows...maybe this will be the year to complete all of my resolutions! Here's to 2012.
One of the things that popped to mind while reading was how big a kick I got from the scene where Locke tries on the uniform. It’s always a pleasure to see him work the details and such, and I’m pretty certain the Archon was duly impressed, although his reaction was minimal. He has the file, so of course he knows Locke is good, but I don’t think he realised just how good.
BUT, I grew up in a lilly white suburb of a sunbelt city. “Pinko commie” was how my HS classmates often taunted me. I went to college in the mid west. I’ve lived in European cities too. But, when we got the offer to come here, I sort of made peace that it is my destiny to be a bright light of minority thinking and being in a sea of Sarah Palin’s “real America.” But that is a fantasy too, the “real America.” There are interesting folks and quriks and interstitial moments everywhere.
She researched and began an early draft of the book while living and working in Japan on and off for three years.
Psst Still no confirmation she was born in Ohio !!!
The clear fact is that the reason why French distinguishes between "sun" and "soil", between "soleil" and "sol", is that someone had the creative idea of adressing the sun in endearing and even belittling terms - a bit like St Francis who called him "mister brother sun" - which certainly no Pagan would have done, coining thereby "soliculum". And also, someone had the intelligence to see that if "sol" as in "short for sole(m)" was no good to distinguish itself from "sol" as "short for solo(m)", then "solilye" as in garbled for "soliculum" was still good for it. So, the socalled "language evolution" from Latin to French is a parallel that pretty clearly demonstrates, though not alone, the existence of creation and of intelligent choice.
And last year as a nation, we spent nearly $150 billion treating conditions like these. And if we don’t do something now, that number is just going to continue to increase as we see these children reach adulthood at an unhealthy weight. But what we do know is that none of us wants this kind of future for our kids. No one does. This is not what we had in mind. And we don't want this kind of future for our countries.
4 endeavor
Tapper: Romney leads and Ron Paul is right behind
And the cross-sectioning just shows how utterly delicious it is. The crust isn't a typical pie crust; it's more like a biscuit crust with a wee bit of shortbread, if anything. But it soaks up all of the delicious juices that the rhubarb releases, besides being tasty, so I really can't quibble about whether it's a pie or a cake or some sort of hybrid.
I would highly recommend going to see this exhibition despite it being quite expensive – I caught the concession price of £8.50. The exhibition is being held up until 5th June.
Please, Washingtonians, raise a ruckus. Now. Today. Call your representatives, write letters and emails. Let them know that in misinterpreting this act, the Washington Liquor Control Board has set the stage to kill jobs and crush local businesses under tax schemes that were never the intent of Initiative 1183.
The ideal of what I once
Analysis: So, Richardson isn’t exactly unanimous, but he’s my new favorite for the pick. I was initially a big supporter of Morris Claibourne, I still think he’s a good pick up, but I can’t help thinking Richardson is too good to pass on. He gives the Browns help as a runner, receiver and pass blocker…sort of like 3 birds with one stone. I considered making Claibourne my surprise, but that’s kind of a lame surprise, instead I’m going with Michael Floyd, he’s 6’2 he’s fast, good hands and he’s local having played his college ball at Notre Dame so you know the front office has seen him play.
FEWW believes New York City could be struck by a megaquake (MQ) in the not so distant future.
Looking to integrate SAP solutions into your business to make it run more effectively and efficiently? We would like to share with you some of the resources that we currently distribute via our social media channels such as Twitter and LinkedIn. If you would like to learn more about SAP solutions, Business Intelligence, Cloud Computing and ERP solutions, you can visit the ETIAH website, or take a look at some of these great articles provided by the SAP website.
But that’s almost an entirely different topic. The crowding issue…yes, there are some really bad books out there (and hell, who knows…a lot of folks might list mine among those bad books). There is atrocious cover art. There are people putting up terribly formatted ebooks.
The recent spate of accidents also lead to rising concerns over the driving skills of foreign bus drivers under the employment of both bus companies.
Then for lunch, I made another not great decision. I got apple dippers (without caramel), which was fine, but I also got a grilled chicken chipotle bbq snack wrap. It's not terribly high in calories, but the sauce is pretty sugary, and it has full fat cheese in it, so I should have just stuck with my side salad with grilled chicken. But my will power was low at the time and that sounded good to me, so that is what I got. The good thing I can say for the day though is that generally when I do stuff like this, even if it isn't something to completely derail me, I derail myself by saying, "Well, now the day is ruined so I might as well just have that ice cream cone that's looking really good and a mocha frappe." I wanted those things, but I didn't have them, because I told myself that the day wasn't ruined, that even though I ate some off-plan food and some candy (for shame...) that I could still eat healthy the rest of the day. That's a pretty big deal for me. I tend to have a perfectionist and all-or-nothing personality so to be able to make a logical decision like that about reigning it back felt very good. So once I got home, I made the decision to eat one of the snacks that I'd planned and then if I felt hungry later I would eat more, but if not, that would be all I had for the day.
The key to this plan’s success, like any project this size, is to get certain groups of people excited about the project for completely different reasons, and at completely different times.
*apart from Bill Murray/Owen Wilson/Steve Buscemi’s eyes(you’ll get it later)/George Clooney(on occasion)
Grand Prize: Airfare, hotel accommodations and passes to the Food Network South Beach Wine & Food Festival’s 10th Anniversary (Fest runs 2/24-2/27/11)
May 10 - Norma Zimmer, singer (champagne lady on "The Lawrence Welk Show"), 87
2 incubator
The leaves
Far more deadly even than the ability to distort news coverage has been the overwhelming control which the left have over entertainment, drama, culture and the visual depiction of history, it is through these medium that the last two generations have been taught what to think and what to believe.
How can a tree help me give an inspirational speech on kindness? Reluctantly, I walked towards the old oak tree. I was drawn to the massive trunk. I put my hands on the tree and became very quiet. I could feel the energy of the tree pulsating slow and methodical. The energy was heavy. How could this magnificent beautiful tree have such a depressing energy? I slowly circled around the tree. My hands were still resting upon its trunk. I could hear my guide speaking. “Feel the tree. Feel its soul. Listen to the tree. What is it telling you?”
Conservatives drink domestic beer. They eat red meat and still provide for their women. Conservatives are big-game hunters, rodeo cowboys, firemen, loggers, construction workers, medical doctors, police officers, corporate executives, athletes, Marines and generally anyone who works productively. Conservatives who own companies hire other conservatives who want to work for a living.
My goodness gracious, isn’t this a persistent myth? But like so many myths, it has the unfortunate quality of being a load of bull-crap. Let’s look at the actual facts, shall we?
How to celebrate such an incredible event from our future history? How best to commemorate this monumental meeting between humanity and intelligent beings from a world beyond our own? How to take a few minutes out of our bustling, chaotic lives so that we might pay tribute to this watershed moment, which will usher in a new era of peace, optimism, prosperity and collaborative spirit as the people of Earth take their first tentative steps into a larger universe? You’re right; we couldn’t just let that pass by unrecognized.
Meantime, here’s a list of 10 things which are imperative for change in the civil service and a move towards excellence.
Not for me. I just didn’t like coffee. Even in college, when I needed a pick-me-up for an all-nighter, I’d walk to a nearby convenience store and pick up a can of (shudder) instant iced tea with artificial lemon flavor. That stuff bore a closer resemblance to battery acid than anything someone would actually drink. But it was caffeinated, and the nasty taste helped keep me awake for a few more hours of cramming for an accounting test.
The holes should be about 1/4" apart. Twist the wire around itself under the base of the flower for support.
The girl said, “My name is Sandra Baxter. I can get you guys in. I know every way and these blue prints are of no use without me because only I know how to read them.”
The “Illuminati” was formed in Bavaria, now a part of Germany, that same year.
a jade moon in the space between stars
Things get more complicated when Austin’s adoptive mom, Georgia, reenters the picture. She essentially abandoned Austin years before, and is now looking to repair their broken relationship. Mike and Josie join together in helping Austin deal with his conflicted feelings about Georgia.
They set up home at a farm called Esgair Llaethdy (this translates to Dairy Ridge) and for a time were very happy. They were invited to a Christening, but the wife was reluctant to go as she felt the journey was too far for her to walk. He encouraged her to catch up a horse from the field to ride, and she said she would if he got her gloves from the house. On his return she still had not moved to fetch the horse, and in jest he lightly tapped her shoulder with the gloves, saying "Go, go!" And so the first blow was struck.
May have a standing with their niche and specialized book stores. Example: LDS Christian, other Christian, romance, special children’s, cause promotion,
Choosing to be thankful doesn’t mean that I ignore the circumstances above. In fact, I would say the opposite. In naming the circumstances and disappointments which lead me to discontent, I can then look to what is good. I can see both and know where my hope lies.
After he left, I was thinking. I have a list, too. I want the leaky roof fixed. I want the rotting floor fixed. I want the termite situation fixed. I want the dripping bathtub faucet fixed. I want the stinking septic system fixed. I want the well situation fixed. But I guess those things really aren’t important.
Yield : 7 in square loaf
1 onion, cut into chunks
I have used this lesson over and over again in my teaching and also to understand and explain pieces of music. But I have also used it as a lesson for life: every big problem can be broken into small problems.
And the court is now barren.
He cares for the flowers, weaving for them with threads of light the lovely robes they wear.
To their credit, Bafana did not sit back and settle for a draw in the second period, they chose to run at the Ghanians, but the home side were guilty of sloppy finishing in the box.
So, who did it? The Amazing Grace! That's really her name.
Friday the 13th (2009)- REBOOT ACHIEVED
Oh Mother of the Word Incarnate, despise not my petition, but in they mercy, hear and answer me. Amen.
23Though cold like you, unmov'd, and silent grown,
The premier also refused to be drawn regarding the previous speculation that it was CHEC which had been earmarked to develop the airport as a result of comments made by the premier.
Supplies: Memory Book & Card
In high school I was:
Sorry I haven't been blogging. Long story short, I am working really hard on losing the end of my baby weight (and working on approaching my long-term body health goals) and it just doesn't make for the most interesting food-related conversation. Basically every post would look like:
And Dawkins and Adams are perfectly right in saying the garden is beautiful and we don’t have to go inventing and thinking that there are fairies at the bottom of it to make it interesting.
I am very grateful for the opportunity to listen to one of my personal heroes, and I will cherish the memory, utilize the knowledge gained and remember her words for the rest of my life.
Pace: 8 ; Parry: 6 ; Toughness: 5 (1)
Companies like Control4 and Savant that make proprietary home A/V distribution equipment simply won’t be able to compete with inexpensive commodity parts. And I’m not about to make the mistake of using a proprietary system. Our current house had a similar system made by Carver. Carver went out of business about 5 years after the house was built, the system started failing when we bought the house and, because the company doesn’t exist anymore, it can’t be repaired. Worse, the house is littered with ugly control panels that no longer do anything (and they were hard to use). That system must’ve cost $20,000 or more back in the early 90s. I replaced it all with iTunes (free) + Airport Expresses ($99/ea) and traditional receivers ($150/ea) to power the speakers and the entire thing cost $1000. And it’s a better system and far easier to use and is invisible (no wall panels).
Here’s my video that describes my implementation
Kirk: I’m not being a-…Lay Down Larry?? It’s just like me saying I’ll never go to the moon, and I’m alright with that too.
Evie is a girl whose parents had died when she was young. She was then raised by her Uncle (her mother’s brother) and is now an incoming freshman at college. She met a guy during the summer for college visitation named Alfred (whom she nicknames as Freddie) and more recently, during freshman orientation, meets a cute southern gentleman boy named Russell. She also has the fortunate opportunity to meed Reed…who unfortunately acts like a total jerk. He’s the strong, silent jerk type…but extremely hot.
When the new moon (down the drain) outside my kitchen window
It only took a year longer than the 2 months planned.
DH said reviews for the KOBO were the best of all the e-readers, but I haven’t had a chance to really play with it just yet. Last week was mid-term week, and I’ve still got a couple of projects to get done, but as soon as I have time, I’ll glue my nose to the KOBO! LOL!
+ you have a dark complexion (shade range is absurdly small and caters to pale to medium skin tones)
After some moments she felt strong hands on her shoulders. ‘Come,’ David softly said, ‘we have to go.’
All I remember about it was Gregory Peck and the way people moved
- 1 fried egg as garnish (optional)
I like to get lost walking in downtown St. John's and it's easy for me because all I know really is down hill is the water, up hill is the way to the University...that's all I need to know. St. John's is a city for the senses. The smell of the ocean and the working harbour are distinct and familiar. Music wafts from tiny stores, O'Brien's being one of my favourites, but many other stores play traditional tunes.
Last year, I really liked that I was not only celebrating Lent, but doing it in a way that also fulfilled the strongly missional side of me--doing something that helped someone else. It wasn't just giving something up, it was being part of a cause.
Not fair really. I have to stay a mom forever but they didn’t stay children.
- Rodney Dangerfield has the coolest golf bag ever made
“Paul is a bright student and overall genuine individual,” Almousily said. “The NSLI-Y scholarship will assist him in achieving his ambitious professional goals and learning the Arabic language and culture. I look forward to seeing what the future holds for him.”
I am still craving for their satay until this very day. The meat is grilled to perfection. There ain't much fat on the meat and the texture is just to my liking. The sauce is pretty average but the meat is well marinated and full of flavour.
I actually put together an up-tempo
Writing for the Clinician’s Brief blog did two things (at least): 1) I realized I could actually get paid money (not a ton of course, but still!) for writing, a previously foreign concept for me; and 2) putting my experiences and thoughts into writing taught me that I highly value the perspective one can gain by reflection–something I hadn’t really appreciated before. And a third thing: it exposed my identity, thus I open myself to adoration and admonishment alike! An uncomfortable feeling, but I’m along for the ride to see where it takes me!
Hope you all are doing well. We'll be back with more soon.
now i want everything
Aquaman #7
Me: (stubborn tone) I didn't apologise (sulks).
“No, thank you,” she said proudly and turned her attention back to the books.
The summary of the judgment begins by reviewing various atrocities perpetrated in Sierra Leone during 1998 and 1999 associated with the civil war. As a general rule, it concludes that they were indeed committed. This is hardly surprising. It is consistent with the earlier decisions of the Court as well as the findings of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission. The issue was not of course whether the atrocities were committed
“Do you need to see my driver’s license?”
Overall, shipments from the brewery were up 22 percent with the brewhouse limited by fermentation capacity for much of the period. Sales of Saint Arnold brand beers were up 50 percent from the same period in 2010 at the distributor level as distributor inventories were depleted severely. Shipments related to the brewery’s brands that are sold primarily at BJ’s restaurants decreased as the brewery shifted more of its capacity to its Saint Arnold brands. By market, sales of Saint Arnold in San Antonio surged 102 percent over the same period in 2010, followed by Dallas/Fort Worth, up 66 percent. Houston was up 51 percent, while Austin was up 44 percent.
At this center, the children rolled a double dice (you can’t see it in this picture!), counted the number of dots and then counted that many candies onto the gingerbread man. Then they graphed what they rolled by dobbing the correct number. The candy is from a Lakeshore counting box.
I had made an appointment to get the tires changed on the car, but the place I went to couldn’t fix it. Have to go to another place. Not sure where to go as it is not my car. Anyway today didn’t work out the way I thought. Lately very little seems to work out the way I plan. I have the feeling of being in the wrong place, out of place. Not sure about where I fit in. Never have been sure. Most of my life I’ve been out of place. Most of my life has been a struggle to find out where I belong. Haven’t really found out yet.
In the colours, I discovered Him. I discovered joy.
Me-"Seriously Lexi..He's 15 mos old. Let him be."
"My name is Vijayalakshmi, I live in Boomayapalayam. My house is behind the banana tree...
4.) Separate ladyfingers horizontally in half. Mix espresso and rum. Drizzle ladyfingers with espresso mixture.
The complex houses a maximum of 455 students.
Me: “Sigh. How did we end up talking about getting a chicken during a birds and bees conversation?”
And both these paintings have been reworked, by different artists at different times. The Cambridge painting was so badly damaged that the restorer had to guess at the eye-colour. Can they still be said to be of the same man? They have the same facial proportions, the same hair-line, same brow-line, same nose.
Last time I was on here I was enormously pregnant, not so much now!! We now have a sweet, sweet new member of our family!! Today he makes his blog debut! Meet Cameron Thomas~
I luv the big city life!
But is it luck or it is playing the game smartly? I think it’s luck, he thinks it’s the other.
But the good news is, she has terrific grandparents, and she was staying out there for a couple of weeks, and it was just a matter of timing that kept this particular mission from reaching its final stage of conclusion.
Six Point Righteous Ale
5. Peanut butter: the only thing that made this bread acceptable. I have to put so much peanut butter to cover it up, its not worth it.
I remember when I first read White Cat, I liked but wasn’t going crazy for it. And after I read it and stewed on it for a bit I realized how clever the storytelling was and how incredible the book was…and that’s how I felt about this series ever since. I started Black Heart and only after reading two pages, I’m already back in the story and back into Cassel’s world.
the suspects included N2.9
In this picture, to the right of the wall would have been inside the city
I have been watching their watching.
I see a lot of giveaways that I don't enter, because if it's not something I would use I figure let someone else win - but this one....soooooo me! Sunday morning I awoke to Julie's email letting me know I had won, and my new wind chime arrived yesterday and is now hanging in my gazebo! Love it!
This is one of my favourite dresses, and it's really a shame I don't wear it often enough! I absolutely love the two different layers of the skirt, it looks so structured and cute - not to mention a lot more expensive than what it was! (Around £25)
Lemon, chili pepper, ginger and even cinnamon… I can accept that I’ve missed the first few days and flavors of City Bakery’s annual hot chocolate festival.
Like my friend, Anne. Not only was she a top catalog and runway model back 'in the day', she's the one who is entirely responsible for my discovering the felting art.
Name: Ashley Maker
and I am feeling SO much better today!
Um, yeah.
Leachman’s honesty, energy, and wit make her an effective champion for many causes. She advocates for women’s rights and LGBT equality as well, including serving as Grand Marshall of the 2010 San Diego Pride Parade. Here’s to Cloris Leachman! Who can guess what the next decade will bring?
In the interview we learn:
My mind just starts to go crazy waiting. We are sitting in a bare house, that needs to be cleaned for our move out. I was messing around with the blog, trying to keep my mind from thinking too much (if you know what I mean) and I came across the organic sister. I have read on her site before and have seen her post on Unschooling Families on the Road (I think) and I would love to meet them some day. BUT Tara's post this morning made me want to freak out.
What is the proper response to betrayal? Or even the natural response? Jonas’ mother shuns her son but, for many, there will be the often kneejerk response to pay the person back: an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth and infidelity for infidelity. So they go out and screw the guy’s best friend or the first person they meet in a bar. And that’s what happens here. Not the best friend, the bar. When Eva finds out exactly what (or, to be more precise, who) her husband has been doing she goes out, picks up a guy in a bar, goes back to his flat and lets him have his way with her.
This story focuses on John, a man that works for the government. One day he finds himself tied to a chair in an interrogation room. He doesn’t know why he’s there or what they want, but he does know one thing; he’s not talking. As his interrogators try to coax information out of him he fades in and out of consciousness and reminisces on his life. Will he find a way to escape? Does he even want to?
"Ons is vir jou Suid-Afrika, Nkosi Sikelel 'iAfrika," Lavonne said.
The warmer temps prompted me pull out Megan's warm weather clothes.
get the chance to learn about journalism as well as marketing and media.
The tone is striking, even unique (though it does at times resemble a lighter, fruitier version of the Jones books). Within its seemingly gentle form, it takes risks: a quality I value increasingly above others. What this means is that Nourishment could never be mistaken, or muddled in the memory, for any other book. It succeeds because it is quite unlike anything I’ve read before, and I loved it for that.
DE RUEHSA #1712/01 1311332
Impact investing is poised to draw in significant new dollars to fund social and environmental efforts. It also brings with it the responsibilities of markets for reporting requirements, financial disclosure, listing information, and new monitors and overseers. How will these policies, regulators, responsibilities and expectations fit into existing frames for nonprofits and philanthropy? Where are there potential conflicts? How will the new social economy, which includes philanthropy, impact investing, and tech driven options for using private resources for public good make sense of all these different domains?
3. Write six random things about yourself.
EPO Examiners often focus on the technical effect(s) achieved by the invention. When drafting one should identify all of the technical effects to make sure they are reflected in the specification. For example a new product may have improved activity, but it might also be more stable, easier to make or have fewer side effects. Synergistic effects should in particular be identified and highlighted.
2 large sweet potatoes
Ghost 1: What?
I've been collecting highlighters like a crazy woman, and that leads to using them as well (go figure). I've found that I've come to really like a neutral blush and it happens to look quite nice topped with a bit of highlighter. Prim & Proper is a dusty nude shade with just a hint of pink.
11:30am-12:30pm
It's the Amish people. And the BBC has made an impressive and moving documentary about them: Trouble in Amish paradise.
BLITZER: We’re going to leave this subject, but before we do, I want Speaker Gingrich to clarify what you said yesterday in that major speech you delivered on space. You said that you would support a lunar colony or a lunar base, and that if 13,000 Americans were living there, they would be able to apply for U.S. statehood from the moon.
#4. Freedom requires information and transparency. Secrets indicate manipulation; transparency creates confidence, responsibility, and accountability. In free environments everyone knows everything they need to know.
We had broken up, and I said that it would be best not to speak, so that both of us could heal. Two weeks of silence passed, and then he called.
However, as it always seems to be the case, during the years - junior and high school - when I was becoming more aware, all it seemed that I wanted to do was to fit in. Which meant I felt embarrassed about sitting next to my Asian friends when we were on the subway because we were clique-y. And of course I crushed on the cute popular white guys and wished I was the perky blonde soccer gals they hung out with. I felt self-conscious about speaking Chinese to my parents out loud when we were in public because that was weird. Going outside of the city meant that sometimes we got stared at. I felt strange about going out and eating at Chinese restaurants. Wearing something with a mandarin collar or cherry blossoms or whatever else that could be deemed even vaguely "Oriental." Doing anything that was not absolutely fit-me-in All-American.
Many organizations will set up shelters around areas hit by major natural disasters. If you are unable to stay in your home and cannot reach relatives to stay with, a shelter can be a great option while you get back on your feet. However, any shelters will be over crowded and lack basic services, so don't rush off to one just because your home doesn't have power. Only go to one if you really need to. If you do end up going to a shelter, be sure to tell a neighbor where you are going and contact your out-of-state contact person so they know as well.
(Ruth is looking for hosts, if you would like to host Presto Pasta Nights, just follow the link on the side panel)
Dlodlo said she agreed with Mantashe that the Hlophe saga was not about him, but in preparation for an outcome that will “disfavour Zuma”.
You will discover trendy along with other sizes hellas sa greece shapes simply by the person wish to have everything from parent to truly seniors.
But, back to London. If Bruno taught me how to be still, it was London that taught me how to master it (and Madrid that showed me I can share this with another).
I've learnt a lot about blogging and people in general since I begun an active social media profile, some good and some bad. The best thing I have picked up though are a lot of fellow blogging friends, some beauty bloggers and other bloggers, blogging about whatever takes their fancy or their everyday lives. I won't go into it too much, but I really enjoy blogging and writing and I'm glad to have picked up some amazing followers in the year I have been blogging. Thank you very much for your follow and your support on my blog.
I've had some interesting experiences the past couple years.
As for me, there's nothing new to report. Work has been on the slow side, 1-2 sessions per week, which is ideal at the moment. I'm feeling great and hoping to get started on an exercise regimen like, er, yesterday, lol. I look forward to my next OB appointment on June 6th to discuss, and hopefully get the green light for, conceiving again. In the meantime, I am focused on gearing up for summer and putting lots of fun stuff for me and the girls to get into. Yay for warm weather!
Hiding behind closed doors.
It may seem strange for a non-American to be writing this, but the fact is that what happens in America affects us all.
40There died the best of passions, love and fame.
Key Word:
That got away
But show me where in the Bible it says that a person can't have A DRINK? and where it says that if you DO have a drink--you suddenly can't pray or "be" a Christian?
So YAY for my first official "away from home" organizing trip! For my mom's birthday this year, one of the gifts I had given her was my organizational services for a day (or for like EVER since she IS my mom!). When I arrived this last Saturday, she gave me two options. Either help her remove her wallpaper border in her bedroom, or organize her bathroom and linen closet. Of course, I chose where my passion lays, organization!
1 anyone
Compare Validator: Comparison between two controls data.
We've got some great sponsors as usual for this challenge
Imagine a room where you could create to your hearts content
A week after the house had been newly painted and refurnished, we were told we had no reason to stay. My dad had long been gone but that was the less painful part though hearing it directly, literally from the horse’s mouth would confirm it. Sadly, this time it did not come from a horse, but from my dad’s blood relative. We had no choice but to leave.
Look, I know I’m hitting this old thing pretty hard but you have to believe me when I say it’s nothing against old people, some of my favorite people are old. But what am I doing here? I’m using words in such a way that images will appear in your mind, if only for a flash, which will somehow convey the emotion I desire you to feel at any given moment. I call it visuwords. Now what that means is that when I describe these movers and shakers in the party in a senior citizen type way, all I’m really doing is giving you the imagery of the current ideology and direction of the party. Its old. Its feeble. It can get touchy when bath time comes around and often forgets things that happened not too awful long ago. I in no way am stating my usage of the ‘old’ terminology is positively indicating that these people are of a certain age group, rather it is intended to be taken in more of a metaphorical way. But in case you were wondering let me put it to you this way; if the tapioca pudding isn’t served just right and right on time you’re in for a stampede of walkers and tennis balls my friend.
The punched out trim was a RAK from Priya Sondhi.....
Grrr, maybe I will come to some decisions on my run, it’s when I do my best thinking.
Corn, green beans and carrot frozen mix, ½ bowl
RUGBY is core business for Dunedin City Council
2 windows
What comes along with a husband running his own business is I am left to "drop" what I am doing or what I have planned to do in order to keep things moving. The boys are often with me morning & evening solo, and I work FT and I am training for a marathon/trying to potty train Eli. I am not quite sure just yet what is the lesser of two evils! Training a 2 1/2 year old is not going so fabulous but also what is tough is having another to run after constantly! (update...no real progress in the potty department. Eli has had a few days where he has stayed dry for very long periods of time but we are not near trained yet :( I guess giving Eli his time and not pressuring him will be the key here)
I’d go to the past and get beads from all different cultures!
They arrived at a gorgeous mansion with an awesome koi pond. They will be posing as art installations at a dinner party where the other girls will be guests along with grammy winner, Estelle. The Brits especially are overjoyed to meet her because she is from England and successfully made the move to America and became popular here. Annaliese did really well in the shoot, as did Sophie and Eboni. Everyone else struggled. Kyle had to wear butt pads, which really pissed off some of the other girls because it gave her somewhat of a booty tooch advantage. Alisha promised drama at panel if she gets eliminated over Kyle.
I will definitely be brewing this again.
The headline coming out of the debate may well be Gov. Perry and immigration. It’s a complex issue that he has had to wrestle with as a border state governor, with no help from the federal government and often running against the grain of the party base here and there. Dick Morris tweeted that Perry won’t survive the immigration onslaught he experienced tonight. I don’t agree with that, but I won’t deny that he’ll have some ground to make up.
And cherished it
- Taste of Steak & Shrimp
"We won't Mom! Come on! It's fun! Try the drums."
So we’ve been trying some, and we’ve had some really good meals. I am really enjoying trying new dishes and seeing what everyone likes.
Written by Supergrass
Blend the egg yolk mixture at top speed for 2 seconds then, with the blender running, remove the cover and pour in the hot butter in a thin stream of droplets. By the time two-thirds of the butter has been added, the sauce will be a thick cream. Continue pouring, but don't pour in the milky residue at the bottom of the pan. Taste and adjust seasonings.
Another good attack led to a free kick on the edge of Everton’s area. Up stepped rVp to take the free kick. rVp’s last goal from a free kick came on the 7th of October, 2007. That was in the 3-2 win over Sunderland.
Meanwhile, the phone kept me hopping. Friends, relatives, Realtors, and assorted other house sale related calls took up a good amount of my time amidst the cooking chores I had set for myself. I started two roasts in the crock-pot, then put the chicken on to cook, and in another pan began searing some meat for stew. By noon, I had the chicken chopped and part of it in a pot of chicken chili, the stew made and in the freezer, and everything ready to make hobo dinners for dinner.
Moving slowly
The editorial does not make comforting reading, for those who think "democracy" is "sweeping the Arab world".
Of the celebrities topping my list is Jim Cuddy. He is my favourite singer. Then there was Hockey Night in Canada host, Ron McLean, Rob Higgins of Dearly Beloved(and nephew of Rush's Geddy Lee), Tyler Stewart of Bare Naked Ladies, Barney Bentall (and his son Dustin who I've seen perform with Blue Rodeo and he's great) So when I saw the opportunity for tickets to this event I was on it! Jim with a stick(STOP that..I mean hockey stick) would be a huge thrill!
We'll be back soon and show you how we got the drawer to fit and how it holds soo much stuff. I guess the cats will be hanging out in the drawer for the night.
That was my moment.
So many gods, so many religions, so many rituals.
What is your favorite thing about September or Fall?
I have a confession to make: schedules and I have a pretty strong love-hate relationship. The ease of having plans and knowing what’s going on, conflicts with my forgetful brain and desire to be spontaneous. Scheduling meetings is a hassle; especially when you know you have to write it on at least five sticky notes and scatter them around your room just to remember it. And with an already packed schedule (due to this thing called school), it’s nearly impossible to find a time to meet with a group of people. So what’s a girl like me to do?
The car is just there
January 10, 2012. As I have stated before, I had made 2 promises to him in that conversation. One, involved saving Nina & Tinka, and I did that. The second promise was to follow through with the uncompleted book that we were working on in Mexico. Jack knew he owed me money for the credit card debt he owed me and the medical bills he caused me. He gave me the permission to go ahead with the copyright & do what I wanted regarding the book we were working on. I reminded him that he had given the permission a long time ago when he gave me the printed rough draft
Raisin Boat is a stamp rental company with lots and lots of exclusive stamps available. Plans start as low as $5.99 per month and the possibilities are so flexible and budget friendly. And if there's a set that you just can't part with, there's opportunity to purchase at discounted member price.
However, another Lantean, named Zordon, was in orbit around Earth in a modified ship of his own when Rita dropped out of hyperspace. After a brief exchange, Rita fired on Zordon’s ship. Zordon (who had known Rita before the evacuation of Atlantis) expected the attack, and was able to activate a device aboard his ship moments after Rita fired. As the energy field from Zordon’s device hit Rita’s ship, her modified hyperdrive, with Goa’uld safety measures overridden to allow for the upgrades to take effect, overloaded and a blast of energy rocked both ships. Rita, Goldar, and the army of Putties were thrown into a small hyperspace window connected modified drive aboard her ship, while Zordon, due to his proximity to his device, was actually trapped in a subspace.
Cost of Professional Liability Coverage is Minimal
I decided instead of throwing all the broken plates out that I would make a mosaic with the pieces. I searched for all of Michael's to find the perfect piece to do it on. I finally came home with a square wood mirror. If it all works our the way I want it to we will have a beautiful mirror that will match our china and therefore be hung in a future dining room and perfectly match! What a bright idea huh?
07 The Stripper
Anyway, the UK beer I was most thrilled to see win on the evening was Bracia from Thornbridge - I've never made any bones about the fact I think this is one of the most delicious beers I've ever drunk in my life and think it's a undoubtedly a silver medal winner, I didn't get to try the gold which is from an utterly unpronounceable brewery in Lithuania, so goodness knows how amazing that is!
Such a statement is a bit rich coming from a key player in the creation of the deficit disaster, and in no way reflects his real actions while in government or his successor's intentions now.
Howdy howdy everyone! it was another busy week Casa Diva.
How could you not take this test seriously?
I was infuriated with him because of this. I wanted to see a practicing, gynecologist, and he was sending me for a scan! This is just another way women are manipulated within the system, and must defer to one doctor in order to even try to be seen by a specialist.
I care to hear it zero times, in case you’re wondering.
1 jam sponge roll
“Oh for goodness sake Jack” she muttered “you always make such a fuss when I leave the tools outside. All that moaning about bluntness and rust, and you go and leave our new shears here in the bushes; just wait ‘til you get home, I’m gonna love teasing you about this one.”
Mr. Crawford told Elections Canada he overheard a conversation in which Mr. Sona “was describing ‘how the Americans do politics,’ using the examples of calling non-supporters late at night, pretending to be Liberals, or calling electors to tell them that their poll location had changed.”
The true genius of these ads comes from the honesty. Every craft beer love can probably attest to a time they've rolled their eyes when a macrobrewer tries to claim their beer has a "cold flavor", or even worse, that it will make you popular, attractive, or more fun. Breckenridge concisely cuts through the crap with such delightful deadpan. For craft beer lovers, a lot of the messaging is familiar. Almost a "well, duh" moment. But for anyone who has ever checked a can to see if their beer is cold, these ads serve as a wake up call in a humorous and straightforward way.
That at least was the set up in the past.
I know so much about English history, some I admit I have researched since, (although not the crusades) but most I learnt at school, and it has stayed with me. These were not just great and exciting stories, but they were valuable parts of my education which taught me about my country and my heritage. My parent's generation, of course, were taught far more of the truth about Britain's great and glorious history, which left them, as it had left generations of Britons before them with a sense of pride in their nation, and in themselves.
Individuals are entitled to a 50% reduction of the capital gains on assets held for more than 12 months. Further a number of small business capital gains tax concessions may apply to the capital gain on your home – thus reducing any potential tax liability further.
The session started benignly as I was given an overview of the new salary structure. There was a range and a mid-point and something about skill sets, which prompted me to give a knowing nod. Next he moved on to a new data collection model he was obviously proud of, which showed how many pages I had processed in the previous year. “Hmm,” I observed, which I count as — at most — half a word. Then I heard there’d be some vaguely defined departmental reorganization in the coming months, which I hoped included cleaning out the refrigerator. “Uh-huh,” I said. Hyphenated perhaps, but one word, tops.
Either way, we tailor made our style to fit YOU. So don't hesitate to contact us for that FREE TRIAL for your wedding makeup.
My week has been full of new blessings and items to remember. I wrote them down in a journal so I wouldn’t forget.
HAS no theme strictly speaking...
- Anon
Yesterday, I witnessed an incredible presentation from a young man who was born without arms or legs. And he was so happy. He had discovered his purpose.
After a brief stint at the Treasury Department, he was appointed by President Roosevelt as the Chairman of the Federal Reserve between 1934 and 1948. He stayed on the Board of Governors until 1951, when he resigned over acrimony between the Fed and the Treasury Department prior to the 1951 Accord. He also participated in post-World War II Bretton Woods negotiations that created the World Bank and International Monetary Fund. He later retired back to Utah to run his companies and write his memoirs, titled Beckoning Frontiers."
Jaws takes place in the fictional coastal town of Amity (in real life, Martha’s Vineyard), where a 25-foot great white shark starts attacking swimmers. In order to save this vacation town from financial ruin, sheriff Martin Brody (Roy Scheider), shark expert Matt Hooper (Richard Dreyfuss) and loony charter boat captain Quint (Robert Shaw) set out on a rickety fishing boat to kill the shark. That’s the movie in a nutshell, and while it doesn’t sound like much on paper, how the story is so masterfully told that it rightfully made a superstar out of young director Steven Spielberg. We don’t even see the shark until about halfway through, which made it even scarier (it has been well-documented that the decision not to show the animal too much stemmed from the fact the mechanical shark built for the film broke down pretty often).
So grab your copy of My Stubborn Heart and join Becky on the evening of the May 24th for a chance to meet Becky and make some new friends. (If you haven't read the book - don't let that stop you from coming!)
Both women sighed and hugged each other.
That they cannot take from me.
So how do you ENTER? Very easy! Tell us your love story in 400 words or less. You can include anything you would like to about how you met, how you were proposed to (or how you proposed) , and anything else relevant as to why you should win the Ultimate Wedding Giveaway. Only one entry per couple, and the entry must be written by one of the contestants only. You must also include both contestants’ names, phone number, mailing address and email addresses in the entry email.
Yesterday was a holiday in Ghana to celebrate the end of fasting of Moslems.
And with bin Laden dead we need a new “bogeyman” so now have one Ibrahim Hassan al-Asiri, who is being credited with Mensa caliber intelligence and a mind even more devious and evil than bin Laden; our new “enemy number one” who is endlessly dreaming up new and dangerous ways to “attack the homeland.”
This is the caliber of soldier that the United States and its military produces, the American that the president seems to have forgotten about for almost three years.
Eli (age 7) now peers down the pink aisle of the toy store with disdain… but, as his mother, I can feel its draw for him, under the surface of his carefully cultured contempt. I can feel the longing. Not necessarily longing to BE a girl–in fact, I know he doesn’t want to BE a girl. He just wants the freedom to be what he is, to be interested in whatever interests him, to not have to worry that he will call down shame upon himself for wondering if there might be cool toys down *that* aisle as well.
Children and families cared for by the Rayleigh-based hospice, which is part of Havens Hospices, are over the moon with their new high performance 52” LED flat screen TV and home cinema system and surround sound with access to Sky, Blu-Ray’s, DVD’s and also to gaming consoles.
Wednesday - work
The movie as a whole is well-written and will bring you back to your carefree high school days (before you ever processed the concept of a full-time job and bill paying!). “21 Jump Street” ends well and is set up perfectly for a sequel, so hopefully there will be a second film. Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum have amazing chemistry, and I was impressed by Tatum’s comedic abilities. Up until this movie hit theaters, I thought he was only mostly good for eye candy, but he’ll make you laugh countless times throughout the movie. If you’re anything like me, you’ll appreciate seeing a pansy spoiled high school student with too much money get taken down, so there’s that too. As Tatum puts it, “They don’t serve Vegan in jail, bitch.”
Inside Style by Annmarie O'Connor - as featured in The Dubliner - Feb 10th
- The next day, the dough is mixed in typical Dan Lepard style: combine all ingredients, rest briefly, knead for 10 seconds every 10 minutes (3 cycles) then shape, rise, bake.
The 3rd International Congress on Early Childhood Education (ICECE 2012)
Happy Birthday my beautiful girl xx
Middle Men 2009 Hindi Dubbed Movie Watch Online Full Movie
Next week’s blog will be the third in the series regarding our 2012 Mission in Action for the Greater Charlotte Region.
This one of Picasso's best known paintings, a scandalous, wild depiction of bold, nude prostitutes. Many people consider this painting to be one of the most important in the development of cubism, and indeed, modern art in general.
It had seemed after this situation that Leaf had overcome his addiction and found a comfortable life back home in Montana. Then this weekend, on March 30th, he was arrested after the U.S. Postal Service tipped the Central Montana Drug Task force a month earlier about suspicious deliveries to Leaf’s home. Leaf was apparently receiving packages of pain pills twice a week from Florida for which he was paying $500 to $700 per delivery. He was asked to come to the Great Falls Probation and Parole Office where a search discovered 20 oxycodone pills that seem to have been stolen from one of his friend’s house. After posting $76,000 bail, he was released .
I am too tired to provide a substantive post today, least of all on the local council elections. Two publications, one of which is on-line, have asked me to write a piece on yesterday's events so I am not dodging the issue. When I do it I will either post it here or provide a link.
I am loving May already! My daughter turns one on Cinco de Mayo, school's out for the summer, and I have big plans for my classroom redo the first few weeks of June!
And this is where I have to go to now. (These could all be my Peace pictures. Especially the one of Emma and the bay.)
18:45 Electronica Reykjavík - Open to all with Airwaves Bracelet
I am now in Kathmandu, have been here for almost a week. I was going to spend 4 only but life has it that I ended up staying. Four days I thought would be enough but nope, there is so much do see, so much to do. I had my expectations and people told me about Kathmandu being so dirty and everyone getting sick from the food. The first I can confirm, but let me tell you somehow it gives it a Burning Man feeling here and we all know I like it there a lot. In reality so one has to realize that the people live here this way all the time, with constant dust and dirt all over, everywhere, your nostrils, your cloth, between your toes, in your food, in your bed. The roads are not paved and the shop keepers tasks to sweep along the road side in the morning seems like pouring water into a bucket with a hole in it. People are nice here, lots of smiles. Namaste is the greeting, what can go wrong from there I tell you. Its not an easy town, but unlike Delhi this town doesn't only take, it also gives back. I came here for Buddhist reasons and as such I found lots of history and hidden treasures related. Even though today everything here is mixed with Hinduism, underneath one can find amazing sights and stories, especially when you have a great insider guide like I did. I had the pleasure to be shown around the town by a very special woman from the Buddhist community, who actually lived here a long time and knows the inside outs. I have been to sights no tourist will be able to get to and am fully aware of the privileged situation I am currently in here. And so it came that I was able to give a little of all this back, helping out with some paper work for the Buddhist community. It actually enriched my trip to be useful instead of only lazy and to hunt for the next coffee shop. I was looking to deepen my commitment to my practice and I got that here, naturally.
One of the math routines in 2nd grade is Today's Number where our kiddos compose and decompose numbers in various ways. At the beginning of the year, we spend a lot of time doing this routine together and working through the different ways that we can show Today's Number.
While looking for a gum in Max’s purse, Caroline finds a two hundred dollar check which Max didn’t know about. Caroline flips out and asks Max to keep her purse clean. While Earl on the other hand is working on filling out his returns, Caroline helps him save some money and assures him that she will rework on his returns and send the form the next day which is the last day to file the taxes. At home, Max asks Caroline to do her taxes as well when she learns that Max has never filed for her returns. A frustrated Caroline makes Max clean out her purse and get organized, this is how Earl’s paper work lands in the dumpster. With no time to spare the two have to file Max and Earl’s return before the deadlines.
Two Scrapbook Friends issued an Easter Brunch challenge. We had to select our menu first, and then we found out what the corresponding items or techniques were that we had to use.
My favorite is the hot ham an cheese on the panini grill with a side of lister bisque soup. But you got to know which days to go to get it! Everything is made from scratch daily!
Yoochun: Okay, we know!
The CIA chief was seen in the lift, on his way to see Bin Laden, and later, it is alleged, boasted to friends about his contact. He was recalled to Washington soon afterwards.
An ideal food for face. It not only nourishes the skin but also magically removes scar, skin blemish and acne. Apply over the blemish area of skin or face and leave it on for 10 minutes. Wash off and your skin or face come out sparkling clean and nourished
*writing and illustrating emergent reader books
Always: I end up eating the whole pizza through lunch and dinner. Fatty.
3. Bowlegged Woman (Christiansen, Oberg) 2:35)
Don't forget our challenge is now open. Anyone can play along and you DO NOT need to use a Wags 'n Whiskers image.
7.Do I get any benefits for wearing a helmet?
Thanks to you all, I have learned a TON about hydrangeas over the past 24 hours! (Check out this post for more info.) Today, thanks to the very helpful folks at a local nursery, I picked up a couple new hydrangea bushes and learned a bit more:
11. Eternal Torture (CD Bonus Track)
I even have two folders full of papers to be shredded. (And the shredder probably needs to be emptied, but that’s another story.)
On Sunday night, while Mom was taking a bath, I went to my Uncle Andrew's room (after jumping the baby gate in Mom's room) and then ran to the bathroom door where Mom was. Mom opened the door and I already knew something was very wrong. Uncle Andrew followed behind me and found Mom obviously not doing well. Mom wasn't using her left leg, so he went and got Grandmom and Granddad. Mom's CRPS had spread to her left thigh and that left her unable to put much weight on that leg. Mom's thigh had been more swollen for a while, but Mom said she was in denial about it because was very scared of losing the use of her legs.
RUSHMORE (Wes Anderson and Owen C. Wilson)
After this happened, she decided to bark at me, getting all excited, and then head-butted me in my nose. Meanwhile Scotty, our "good dog" was laying next to me on the floor because I was sobbing like a baby from the intense pain on the left side of my face. I hadn't even realized that I cut my finger and shoulder.
What's that, you say? What's a storyline patent?
This was the first visit for any of them to Mount Vernon. They were hosted by the local master distiller, Dave Pickerell, former master distiller for Maker's Mark and now an industry consultant who spends eight months of the year flying around the country to work with his 20 or so client distilleries.
I know these are terrible pictures but they are hard to get close to.
Greg. Of course! And Hugo. But Hugo's the only character in the book that I shamelessly ripped from real life. He's based on the proprietor of the hostel I stayed in when I was in Barcelona. There really was a pinboard in the common room, at least when I was there, with love notes to him from previous guests.
I won't set myself up to fail by declaring I'm going teetotal. For the time being, I’d like it to stop for longer than the two weeks I managed earlier in the year and to show I’m serious, I’ve posted this blog for the world to see and that I can re-read it as a reminder to look after myself better.
*Go with your gut and move fast.
Figure 1 — SixDegrees.com’s First Main Page — First Social Network
Anette
Everyone knows learning the difference between bor., boar, boor, and bore can be a complete bo . . . wait which one is it? Wait can you explain the Hawley-Smoot Teriff Act? Anyone, anyone?
This is potentially because I’ve not
3.) Never Knocks
The group alleges that Bare Naked Islam threatened Muslims, and CAIR apparently moved aggressively against the blog for its leading role in attacking TLC's program "All American Muslim."
This is perhaps a tiny bit childish, but I couldn't help but laugh when I saw the above photo over at Obama's Gaffes.
I gave you my all, my everything
Then he went downstairs
We will check into the Relais St Germain Hotel early afternoon and once we have settled in and perhaps taken a walk over to Pierre Hermé for a macaron, we will meet Francois at 6 pm to have a drink at the Bonaparte. Francois will explain about the restaurant scene in Paris, what has changed, which are the improvements and what has been lost. We will return to the hotel at 8 pm to have dinner at Le Comptoir with a menu devised by Francois and Guy de Camdeborde who we will meet if he is not travelling. If we are still feeling energetic after dinner, we may go to a nearby bar for a nightcap or perhaps just walk in St Germain des Prés.
In other words, what we have in the case of President Carter and in this very remarkable conversation is a trajectory that is all together familiar to those who know what happened during the twentieth century in the different kinds of developments in terms of Biblical inspiration, Biblical authority, denominational life, and the public understanding of scripture. President Carter wants to say many very true things about scripture. He very clearly believes that the scripture reveals divine truth, but he doesn’t believe that every word of scripture is inerrant or inspired. And he believes that the divine authors of scripture, though inspired, were trapped within the worldview of their times, and thus susceptible to at least some degree of error. He suggests that when it comes to human sexuality, even though he says straight forwardly that the apostle Paul speaks very clearly to homosexuality, listing it with other sins, he says that he does not want to judge homosexuals on
And the ratings are falling for these entertainment shows.
Back to the laundry room, let's take a walk down memory lane. Here it is the day we bought the house.
At the end of the day, the dilemma usually comes down to convenience vs. healthiness of your foods. Many shoppers like me are turning to the healthier versions of convenience foods, like “low sodium” and “low fat” products. Food is so important to me because through cooking and trying different ingredients I feel connected to traditions in cooking that have defined us culturally and as a species through the ages. But realistically, I’m also happy to occasionally have the convenience of a quick meal that lets me spend more time with my family. After all, a healthy lifestyle is all about balance.
The movement of products, mail, and passengers advanced the settlement of the country much more quickly in comparison to the years by wagon train and horse drawn wagons. As a young boy in the 1950's I can remember the use of the steam engine as it crossed Iowa going from coast to coast. Today the Amtrak carries people coast to coast but the majority of the time we see freighters carrying coal east for the creation of electricity.
3. Place the trimmed artichokes in the pot, heart side down. Add cold water, making sure that the water comes at least halfway up each artichoke. Cover and bring the water to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for about an hour. Test to see if they are cooked by taking tongs and removing one of the outer leaves. If it comes off very easily, then they’re cooked. If you have to tug at it a little, then leave them to cook a little longer.
Gorgonzola
A black-and-grey spiral pattern with one line of dark red and a curly white ribbon
If, on the other hand, you like more natural alternatives to that oddly colored beverage, but enjoy the flavor of it, then I think maybe you’ll like my more natural sports drink.
I give these few particulars, as I know you will be as interested in the scheme as I am proud of it. The money, I can assure you, will be well spent and not lightly squandered. A portion of it has already been invested in War Saving Certificates.
It all came together about a month out from the race. I not only felt strong on every run that I did...I felt bullet-proof. I was thinking I had a pretty good chance to beat my old 2006 P.R. on the course, which was 22 hours, and four minutes. But I also knew that race performance is always hinged on how you feel on the given race day, and that fact is amplified significantly for the 100-mile distance. It can come down to a matter of survival, rather than worrying about some ego-induced pie-in-the-sky finish time. So my thoughts of glory are always tempered by the thought that “just finishing in one piece” should be the first rule to consider on any 100-mile race day. And if you’re feeling good from mile sixty onward, hit it hard and go for broke.
I was right about being both heartbroken and relieved when he died. I was wrong about being some version of my old self quickly after his death. I wasn’t even sure what my old self was when he died.
Already the summer of 1971, Norway hailed the Norwegian pagan Goddess “Frigg” by naming a new gas reservoir after her.
awakens aromas
Really Reasonable Ribbon Ivory Seam Binding (1 yd)
Schmidt began to answer.
My mother, as she measured the hem line on me, knew immediately that I didn’t like it. I also knew I would have to wear it anyway. That didn’t stop me protesting, though. My disappointment came flooding out in a litany of grievances:
Luckily, my late post is for the letter F is about events that took place on Friday... perfect for a Flashback!
The author had, unwisely, just died and would be unable to do any publicity for the book.
Place almonds in blender/food processor with water
Makes about 16 pieces
His mother spent plenty of money on the wedding festivities in Vienna, even if the means were not readily available. He adored her and they celebrated the birth of a daughter. While the young wife was pregnant with their second child she fell victim to the smallpox. Sadly neither wife nor child survived. Her father received a tender letter from the devastated Joseph, which read, "I have lost everything. My adored wife, the object of all my tenderness, my only friend is gone...Agonised and beaten down, I hardly know if I am still alive."
leaning over the rolling water.
In the final scene, a voice "Telefono"( telephone) is travelling far, conveying the remark of the police.
Jackals and cobras on the palace grounds; sleeping sweaty under a lace mosquito net; being served tea on the royal crest china, waking to the call of the whooping Koel bird, the snow shower of white blossoms beneath the plumeria tree heady with tropical perfume - I suddenly felt like a character in a Rudyard Kipling story. Some killjoy will probably have to write in accusing me of having "Orientalist fantasies."
Our campus recycling coordinator and waste diversion guru Martin Maines has been working with our student crew and the res. life team to make sure we keep as much stuff out of the landfill waste stream as possible during this spring’s campus move out. One of these large bins will be placed in each residence hall in the coming week and monitored regularly through the end of the semester.
In bygone times taking snuff was extremely popular, its palmy days in England being during the eighteenth century. Snuff was praised in poetry and prose. Peer and peasant, rich and poor, the lady in her drawing-room and the humble housewife alike enjoyed the pungent pinch. The snuff-box was to be seen everywhere.
I love this project for the way it extends math and science thinking, and the relatively low cost- I can't wait to do it again next year!
Nancy Drew series by Carolyn Keene
This is not a minister’s “rant” on the demise of culture; rather, it is a thoughtful analysis of culture, influence, and the Christian’s responsibility. The tone is cordial. The assertions are gracious. The assumptions are limited and well documented.
On June 6, William's case came before Judge Vogel.
My husband and I married very young. Immediately we wanted to start having children. After several months of trying I stopped having a cycle. I went to a Dr., thinking I must be pregnant. I wasn’t . I was diagnosed with PCOS (Poly Cystic Ovarian Syndrome).
Ben Longish explanation
This week I managed a total of two miles. Yikes! However, silver living and all that, I do believe that having almost a week off due to the weather has helped ease up my shoulder a little. I basically have a right shoulder that sounds like a cement mixer filled with gravel when I move it. I'm fairly certain running doesn't help it that much but am not about to stop. I know my weekday running has been slightly sporadic of late but I still usually manage a decent mid length run every weekend so have not really had much time off this year.
Pours a light orange color with a slight off white head that disappears. A caramel, grainy, toasty smell is apparent. A very sweet caramely taste with a mixture of hoppy bitterness. Has a pretty high avb which is surprising from the taste. I would say it was a medium bodied beer as I had 2 at the end of the night (after pizza) and didn't fill me up completely. Easy to drink 2 or 3.
As far as I know there is no secret ingredient in falafel, it's a very straight forward recipe, but there is something most people may not be aware of. There are three types of falafel, one is made by chickpeas only, the other by fava beans, and the third one is made by the mixture of both chickpeas and fava beans.
Many of the most meaningful moments of my jazz initiation occurred while I sipped illicit cocktails at Milton's on Main Street when I was an insubordinate teen. The jazz club's bartender introduced me to the music of Shirley Scott, Big John Patton and Jimmy McGriff by means of a turntable that was prominently positioned alongside the bottles behind the bar.
The recipe is as simple as you might guess. You cook some roughly chopped mushrooms in a skillet until they smell good enough that you’re forced to make a piece of toast to tide you over while you stand there, stirring. Then you scrape them into a bowl, put the skillet back on the heat, and lightly caramelize some roughly chopped onions in it. (Don’t worry if you lose track of time while you’re eating your toast and the onions brown too quickly; mine did, and still, the salad rose above.) Then you add the onions to the bowl, along with some chopped egg and fresh dill, and you dress it with a bright, quickly whisked-up sauce of mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, and lemon juice - a sauce that, should you have extra, makes a bang-up dip for asparagus. Then you pile it on a(nother) piece of toast while the whole mixture is still a little warm, and you put a napkin in your lap, because what’s about to happen deserves some ceremony. And then you have lunch.
So Tommy Robinson was right to argue that the ‘white supremacist cancer seeks to destroy the EDL’. Of course it does. How dare the Nazis even attempt to infiltrate and then try to control what EDL members believe and do? Who the fuck do they think they are? Anyway. It doesn’t matter that much because the British will never buy into fascism. It’s not in our nature. This is what the UAF/SWP fails to realise as well. They do not trust the British people. More specifically, they do not trust the white working class. A class which, as a whole, has always hated fascists, including the red fascists known as ‘Trotskyites’, ‘the UAF/SWP’ and so on. The SWP/UAF sees a fascist threat everywhere because they too are fascists – red fascists. Thus they see the Nazis and the BNP, or whoever, through their own red-fascist lenses. That tiny world of red fascist-black fascist rivalry. They feed off each other. They need each other. They are each other.
So often I find myself in situations where I am surrounded by people that, under normal circumstances, I would never be friends with. I currently have this situation here in Spain, but it is definitely not the first time I have experienced it. And when I find myself in these situations it takes all my self control to be civil, and to smile, and engage is small talk, and satisfy their needs for human interaction, and I feel so totally drained that I want to run away and hide somewhere that these people will never find me again.
Epoch Times: Why must change occur? Where is the inevitability?
So if you want to ramp up your writing to the next level, try getting a critique. Even better, enter a contest. Listen to the judges, but listen to your heart too, because it is still YOUR writing after all! Even if you don’t get an A or you don’t become a finalist, you will have learned something that will help improve your writing.
so i stare out my window and wonder why i wasn't born independently wealthy or some sort of nonsense. because if i was, i would run off to paris, or tuscany, or timbuktu...or someplace really exotic, like...the moon. and then i wouldn't have to deal with idiots...or...the idiots would be so different and intriguing that i wouldn't notice they were idiots. and i wouldn't have to tell people that have worked hard and through no fault of their own, their contract is severed because some idiot didn't research law very well and i hired them thinking it was cool...but it wasn't really cool and now ...i have to end the contract and figure out how to pay them.
I have a lot to write about but for now, I feel compelled for the world to know (or at least the 4 people who read my blog) about this ooey-gooey deliciousness I just made. I saw this recipe on Thursday and contemplated making them that night. But I didn't have all the ingredients so I made them today. If you absolutely love chocolate and carmel, I suggest you stop reading this now - go to the store, buy cake mix, Rolos, and evaporated milk. Then you, too, can indulge in this fabulousness!
On the other hand, it resulted demonstrated that the dissemination of those materials (book and DVD) deepens the suffering of the two first Applicants and renders the search for the third Applicant more difficult (cfr. answer to article 92): each time the first Defendant’s thesis is newly divulged, the suffering of the first and second Applicants intensifies – whether through the existence or the announcement of a new edition of the book, or a new divulgation of the video or by the occurrence of interviews – mainly due to the repercussions that such events have on the search for the whereabouts of the third Applicant and due to potentiating the knowledge of said thesis by the fourth and the fifth Applicants.
“We work as a partnership with our authors.”
I have talked to several of my friends about giving an allowance to our children. Opinions vary widely on this subject, which was not something that I had anticipated. Some don't do allowance and don't plan to start. Others give allowance attached to doing chores. We give our son an allowance and also make him do chores without any compensation. I will not tell you that you should give your child an allowance. The decision to give or not give your child an allowance is as individual as you are. I am just giving suggestions for how to give an allowance in a constructive way.
The Temple of Rejuvenation has two Human Beings quantumly entangled. One is the target. The other one is the “template.” Life extension, through the knowledge of DNA that Yawee had, was to entangle the target with the template and transfer certain attributes from the one to the other.
Such a wonderful philosophy to have, especially for baking wedding cakes!
Row 20: repeat row 2
music influences (like the didgeridu-driven, aboriginal soundscape
Friday was a rest day and I mentally needed it. We were really missing Jim at this point! Saturday was my long run of 22 miles. I got a babysitter to come over at 8:00 and the weather was just about perfect! I had my iPod, CamelBack filled with water, GUs, Shotblocks and my phone. I felt really confident going into this run. That feels nice. I wasn’t trying to push the pace really. My goal was a few warm up miles at 9:30 pace and then pick up the pace as I felt good. I finished with 21.2 on the books around a 9:25 pace. The big things I wanted to work out on this run was nutrition. I still struggled a little with this but thanks to your advice (thanks, organicrunnermom) and my DailyMile friends, I have some new products to try in the next few weeks!
Very positive and uplifting. And here is my synopsis of the death of this bill:
It's always mixed emotions, feelings, thoughts, and beliefs when it comes to being in her house - it's been a struggle to get back into the swing of us, since getting back late Monday night. We feel even less like ourselves as usual, but knowing it is once again temporary helps. We will be returning to Europe the first week in August (more to come soon on that).
The Spring Breakers provided some entertainment, too. There was one time when a couple of college guys were in the hot tub with us, each with an open beer. MJ came over to the side of the tub and went into obvious cannonball position. We hurried to stop her. "She's fiiiiine," one of the guys said, clearly thinking such a little tyke couldn't do much damage. Well, she was an expert by then, and she drowned everything: us, guys, beers, nearby belongings. "That's a good cannonball," he pronounced. Indeed.
The final step in the process is applying the protectant. This is a little runnier than the paint, and goes on clear, but provides the long-lasting protection for the cabinets. It takes a full 7 days to cure completely, but dries quickly enough for minor use.
My year long senior project finally came to a close last week so I am happy to say that I will be back to doing what I love (lots of photo shoots and photography!) this week as I finish my finals (for the final time).
4) Unrelated, but a Mr. David Gurvitz tried to use the ADL spy files to expose a rival as an Israeli spy, because he too wanted a job at the Simon Wiesenthal Center for Holocaust Studies.
I will continue to post more pictures and information on spring ephemerals and if anyone is interested, I can dedicate some posts to spring ephemerals and early flowering native perennials. I have also been growing some native perennials from seed and have just put them outside to harden them off in preparation for planting this spring. Here are some pictures of Heuchera americana and Heuchera villosa 'Autumn Bride' that I grew from seed. Not all of them will go into my gardens, some will go to friends and family so they can also have some native groundcover for their gardens. They are in 3 1/2" pots and there are 24 to a flat and this is just a small portion of the plants, so you have some idea of how many I have to plant and distribute! Here are some more plants ready to go out, including Baptisia australis and Rudbeckia occidentalis 'Green Wizard'. This rudbeckia is a west coast native and will do well in most zones of the U.S. and the Green Wizard cultivar is a great looking plant with flowers that don't have any petals just sepals. It looks cool!
While you are checking out the new CC Designs stamps, have a look around the store there are some great new products arriving, beautiful carnation flowers, new stamps and a fabulous range of dies,
1/2 cucumber, peeled and thinly sliced
The beginning uses a bit of measurement. Measure the size of intended head and chain an even number of chains to make the length. join with a sl st to form a circle being careful not to twist.
I like Damon’s music and I love Noel’s. This would be a fine collaboration, if you ask me. I think Noel’s right that it would be “mental.”
"Affection?" We call it love round these parts.
3″ circumstances thirteen.
The producer they wanted was booked up, so the band was flown out England to work with Bob Sargeant. He listened to them rehearse and didn't like their "hooligan music," so he pushed them in a much more pop direction. They spent three months in Europe recording the album, but by the time the record came out, they didn't have a management company behind them and they ultimately slipped through the cracks. By early 1984, the band broke up as De and Glover were very unhappy with the new direction and quit.
I now come to the last part of our time in El Salvador. And as I reflect on it, I noticed something so wonderful and creative. It’s God’s perfect timing. How wonderfully does He orchestrate things. How perfect and wonderful is His timing. Understand, that God’s time is eternal and perfect. How we view time, obviously isn’t the same way that God views time. And it allows Him to have these virtuous qualities, that we fail to understand daily. In a world, that is so fast paced, we become impatient and want things immediately. We want instant gratification. But as I gained this final, concluding truth, I came to understand something important. Time is in God’s hand. While we were in El Salvador I shared one of my devotionals with the team as we normally did, and I’ll share it in this post.
But the reindeers are plotting something mean:
Surchoix – in a Gold wrapper aged 4-6 months
East Regional Finals/TD Garden/Boston, MA
This thing was situated in mirrors so you could see the skull from every angle. And it rotated. But that eyeball?
“The lifestyle of the Chinese is fully transformed to become Indonesian including in name, dressing, language, celebration of festivals and other aspects of life. Television and radio programmes, films, school, periodicals, big festive occasions and other events that have Chinese elements were banned.”
I had fun. I met people. I experienced things. I paid attention. I lived. I enjoyed people and activities and myself!
First I dribbled wood glue into the cracks of the two splits. I held the chair at an angle so the glue would run down to the base of the crack. And when I applied the clamps and pressed the wood back together I wiped off the glue that squished out. It’s much easier to wipe off wet glue than it is to sand it down when it’s dry.
For the next 15 minutes, the manager and three staff members helped this lady load about 50 shakes into this cooler. Since I was next to the cash register, I was “fortunate” enough” to have this lady tell me that she was buying the shakes for a retirement party and that she had a two and a half hour drive to get these shakes to their final destination.
Anyway, QPR had maintained a breakneck tempo throughout. In structure and attitude I thought they were quite similar to Mark Hiughes’ Fulham side when we lost there last season. Dogged off the ball, sitting relatively deep but breaking quickly. Where Fulham had pace, QPR had industrious and burly forwards in Mackie and Zamora.
How do we get out of this economic death spiral?
Merstham
“I wish I could give you an explanation beyond Jamaicans’ love for saccharine tunes, but that may be satisfactory enough,” Codogan wrote me.
There are about 500 chickens per trailer out in the field, not 25,000 in a massive house. They are fed and watered every day. They are free to roam about the pasture, pecking and eating, but they mostly stay close to their particular house. They are guarded from toothsome predators by majestic Great Pyrenees sheep dogs. Yes, occasionally, Will says a raptor such as a hawk will kill one, but for the most part, Will explains the arrangement is very successful.
Now he wants to count everything like his toes, chickens in a book, ducks on the pond, and his boots etc!
Not in terms of character—these people live on the pages, and like most adolescents (or the adolescent in all of us, who lives on and on and on) their motivation frequently cuts to the quick: they are desperately trying to figure out just who in God’s name they are.
I went back to Michelle’s flat, found her awake so we went for a little stroll through the city and grabbed some cañas to finish off my super short trip. Then around 3 in the afternoon, I went back to the Barcelona airport and came back home to Madrid where I now have two days to just sit back and relax. Thank goodness for five day weekends.
Anyways, my point in bringing up Sarah's House is that she renovated a basement guest room on an episode that aired this weekend and had a unique approach to inexpensive art for the walls of the room. She purchased some great plates ($9/piece) and had them framed in shadowboxes and hung. I love this because you're getting cheap art, but it's a change from your run-of-the-mill plate hanger display. Actually, once framed you can hardly tell that these are plates!
Today, I initiated Phase One of Operation Random Ass Shit in the Basket in the Bathroom at Work. (It's a clunky title, I know, but what else could you call it?) After much deliberation, and mindful of everyone's very amusing ideas, I chose to place 3 pink foam hair curlers in the basket, figuring that they were just random enough and not in the least bit offensive. (I figured I would proceed from random yet grooming-related to mysterious and then offensive if no one noticed.) I stealthily crept into the bathroom this morning and put the rollers in the basket next to the Sensodyne.
Firestone Union Jack IPA
Happy New Year - we hope that you rang in the new year with merriment and joy and that it continues through the 2011! We both enjoyed the holiday break with our families and decided that we are going to take a break from the Cinema Challenges for awhile. We absolutely love this challenge and we love all of you and your creations - but we just felt like we needed a break. We didn't want to end this challenge quite yet - but just needed a few months to just enjoy being with family and not have too much on our blogging plate. We hope you understand and will come back to play with us later on during this year :)
I really am going to blog more I have a series in mind where I sing songs I like and explain why and all that I think I have mentioned this before it is taking me a while because my computer keeps saying I have no speakers, I have a laptop so this is really weird and if it doesn't stop/if my dad can't fix it I will have to take it somewhere to get it looked at.
And I think that this journey into my own mind might be very interesting and also, quite painful. We'll see. If I find myself boring, that will really be sad.
I can pick and choose what to share.
I love you. Because of you, what you do, and what you have been through people around the world will look at their lives differently and make changes. Thank you for inspiring me.
YOU CAN DO IT... anything that you want... and feel GOOD doing it!
Scott also helped give Mitt Romney (R-MA) a boost.
Here is what you need to do for Joan's Gardens Weekly Challenge #6
The Pley Club, where the agents and prostitutes may have met.
I also made this desert which was so incredible. Unfortunately it has lots of butter and brown sugar. Not something I need to eat much of. However they are really good! Since I am not much of a cook I believe if I can do these recipes most anyone sure can too! Here is a picture of mine.
“Her maiden name?” I guessed.
With a huge house on a lake, expensive German cars sitting in his garage, and a drop-dead gorgeous trophy wife watching over it he did feel he had entered the big leagues of life. Peter felt so certain of his privileged position he had long since begun to allow himself certain benefits that came with playing among the big boys.
think about the love u once had
Did I need some treats to make me feel better as I faced this? Absolutely. Was it better to buy a new watch than eat an extra slice of birthday cake? Definitely.
And while we are at it, how about we make your life even easier with a "cheat sheet" of all that's new? Head over to the MFT Blog to print out a shopping list.
I have been an exceptionally lazy blogger this last week however life wise it’s all been go and the times I have sat down to write I haven’t found the words flowing as freely as I’d have hoped they would.
This would mean we have 5, 2 and 2.5 against 3 and 4.
Many miles away but our eyes unite on one star
I just finished doing a really heavy working for a client that has left me beat, enough that I took the whole weekend as to not do anything but chillax – recharge the batteries as they say.
4. Daybreakers
When I was in grad school, I had to read Kazuo Ishiguro's novel Never Let Me Go for a Contemporary British Fiction course. Talk about a trip! I was familiar with his other novel, Remains of the Day, with its quiet reserve and social conversation. That was what I expected with this newest novel, but that is not quite the direction it headed in.
Also, there are 27 stadiums listed (the Marlins, Athletics, and Rockies parks are excluded). Progressive Field, the home of the Indians, has a card here. So why doesn't it have a card in the 17-card retail set?
Remove from tray immediately and cool on a wire rack
But that's just not my style.
But Vedanta kept at least one location under wraps. Only two of the 38 films in the competition feature Odisha. And neither tells the Vedanta story in Puri where the MNC began sponsoring the education of 500 children in the prestigious DAV Public School four years ago.
Big Shot Die: Embosslits Beautiful Wings
When Gin presents Hotaru with his mask, it does not represent a symbol of his love or a farewell gift, but an exact transition – the point Gin stops existing as a spirit, and becomes the human he has always been. The moment past finally catches up to the present, the moment he and Hotaru can finally walk as equals, meeting in their own feelings. When Gin can be looked at as a human, and Hotaru, as a woman. And in that alone, they touch.
Mix everything well. Hands work best. If the mixture seems too loose, add more bread crumbs. If it feels too dry and tight, add water or non-dairy milk.
Potato, boiled until soft, 2 pcs, cut into bite size
More women taking on welding jobs
You do not see the rocks you made.
"Stop.I need to use the restroom," I say, "Take a number from the pharmacist, and tell her what other meds you take."
Don’t submit a résumé more than one page-
Every weapon line can shoot at a different target. Only the models with LOS (line of sight) to the target can shoot though. Distance is measured from the base of the nearest model with the weapon to the base of the nearest model in the target unit. Always measure from the models’ base edges. Every model shooting must have LOS to the target, but distance is only measured from and to the closest models.
when people visit our stall!
"Gary, I was going around and around in my head for a quote, but I like that one. 'Would you strip naked and wear peanut butter for just any group of friends?' That sounds like something I'd say... well, the peanut butter part, anyway. Speaking of, I am almost out of PB. The world is about to stop turning, get ready. "
A lot of those wine bars are now closed or became part of chains run by big drinks companies.
Warrick and Rowena are in love, of course, and marry. As he rides off into the sunset to fight a battle, he asks her:
Interesting people
Median income, when adjusted for inflation, is lower. Many middle-class blacks have fled in search of safer neighborhoods and better schools.
Title says it all. Things are either going to go good today or sadly. If we can talk things through and realize what went wrong with us then we will be together...if he can't promise he will be there for me & be a boyfriend back & not push me away when I have tough times & can't be honest with me then I have to leave. We're meeting at 8pm. I have a letter where I wrote everything down to him. I will read it to him. I'm hoping we don't split but if the facts are not there....
Here’s a bit of the day:
Buy a small whole chicken, and remove it from the packaging. Something around 5 pounds is the perfect size. (Translation for British readers: 5 lbs. = about 2.26 kilograms or .36 stones. I'm assuming the chicken doesn't come weighed in stones, I just wanted an excuse to use the term. Because what is up with British units of measurement anyway?) I guess it goes without saying that it should be thawed if you have something frozen. But I'll say it anyway. Because that's the kind of friend I am. When your bird is all ready, cut a lemon into quarters.
As some of you may know, Jake and I received some bad news earlier this week. We are getting kicked out of our condo because the owners who we are renting from didn't pay the mortgage; so it is now a foreclosure. We wish we knew what they were doing with our money then! It's really sad because we were in love with this place. It was so perfect! Everything from the location, to the amenities, to all the upgrades... we pictured ourselves living here until we bought a house. And now the stressful apartment hunting has begun. We're having the toughest time finding a place that will 1) allow Lucy 2) has laundry in the apartment 3) isn't teeny tiny 4) is in a good neighborhood 5) has more than one bathroom 6) doesn't cost a fortune. And it's safe to say that there is no place that fits all of our criteria, so we're having an even tougher time deciding what things to give up on so we can actually have a place to live in. We aren't sure when we have to move out by, we're guessing in like 2 months so we have a little bit of time, but the longer we wait the more unable I'll be to help and the more things we will have. But I'm sure we'll find something eventually that we'll be happy with.
As you can see my reach is much more broad posting on my blog than on other social media sites. Yet each day a lot of people post professional content over (and over) on Facebook but they don't blog. Imagine if I only posted on Facebook and didn't blog. My audience would be less than 800 people each day and that's counting friends sharing some of my posts for me.
Ana is new. For thousands of years in Range, a million souls have been reincarnated over and over, keeping their memories and experiences from previous lifetimes. When Ana was born, another soul vanished, and no one knows why.
If you are just beginning or querying agents has beaten you down, start querying publishers. Keep sending out queries to agents, but focus on those publishers. You will increase your chances of success tenfold in the process!
Professor Rashib: You are wasting my time. Here.
Kind of makes it hard to blame beer for a 25% rise in alcohol-related liver disease, no?
07. Wrecking Ball
Author’s Note: Sally Lutz is an Account Manager at BlueSky Creative in Cincinnati, Ohio.
According to a new report from the United States General Accountability Office (GAO), the 19 percent decline in employment in the workforce that American Samoa has experienced since 2008 was in large part the result of imposing minimum hourly wages across various industries. … Official statistics may not tell the whole story. In a June 24 interview with Samoa News, Governor Togiola Tulafono of American Samoa said the GAO report “does not capture or convey the magnitude of the economic disaster that has befallen American Samoa.” For one thing, the current unemployment rate is fast approaching 25 percent.
I didn't reply, and that was the last I heard from Mr. Wentworth. Or...was it?
Finally
single and rich. my current non boyf doesn’t believe in being married.
No, I don't believe I'll be goin' back that way.
To wit, there are numerous tactics hunters use to land gators, most of which are dependent on the elements of the Happy Hunting Grounds. Some folks, especially those who hunt shallow, weedy areas, prefer a run-and-gun style. They spotlight red eyes and floor it to that location and try to spear or arrow the gator. Or track their bubbles and pitch snatch lines provided the vegetation isn't so thick that it hangs hooks.
Once on a yellow piece of paper with green lines
Brandon Holstein: 300 the Spartan movie? You just really like the action and fighting and all that?
Maybe it’s because I have never experienced something like that in Real life before, only watched it in the movies, and we all know that movies are fake, right? I mean what guy would be happy just holding your hand? Sitting with his arm draped over your shoulder and letting you cuddle into his side? Or sleeping through the night half naked in bed just holding you tight? Only one in your dreams or on the big screen.
This is before roasting. Got lemon, butter and thyme.
What really got me was the Hoover High School Chastity Club. Those girls managed to be the perfect mean girls. Body obsessed, perfectly dressed, and obsessed with a good girl image. You know anyone who openly berates people for not taking a chastity pledge is headed for a pretty big fall from grace.
One of the lunch highlights, were the birds flitting around which included hummingbird breed, Anna’s Hummingbird and a bald eagle which had its nest up in a tree less than 500 feet away.
Cain’s talk has lead to some interesting discussions among our faculty, staff, and administrators. Our librarian Derek Anderson has ordered several copies for the library, science teacher Liz Gottleib brought the TED talk to our attention, and Director of Admissions Dan Babior is organizing small group discussions to see how Cain’s thesis operates at Marin Academy.
Shirt: Classic Tank-Blue Mouse- Illmatic
“Meditation 8″
It is difficult to get a sense of its size from pictures, and especially, looking at it head-on, it’s hard to believe how big it is (for all of the dimensions, click here to go to Wikipedia—it’s 49.1 feet high). That’s why it’s so wonderful to be able to walk all the way around it and see it from different angles. Here is a side view, which, with the ceiling of the great hall, gives a hint of its vast bulk and calm presence.
I think that if I become a better wife, in turn I will be a better Christian. If I become a better Christian, in turn I will be a better wife. I will continue to try to do both and with God's help, I will continue to grow as a wife and Christian.
Lastly, here’s one of the best comments I’ve seen in response to those who say, “It’s just a joke, and it’s fun.”
Over time, I realized I'm not "destroying" anything with my technique, because I always work on duplicates of the original photo layer. Using the word "destructive" is... well... destructive.
It makes for uncomfortable reading at times. This was a time when segregation was still very much a reality – and in fact the expected norm – in certain states. Black people could not use many of the cafes and public toilets which white people used, and always sat at the back when using public transport. What is equally disturbing is the contempt with which strangers treat people on the sole basis of the colour of their skin. In one incident for example, a bus stops for ten minutes and while all the white people are let off to use the bathroom, the black people are prevented from getting off, seemingly for no reason other than to make them uncomfortable and to show that they are considered second class citizens.
I can’t say for certain when Concordia began using the slogan Faith without Mandate or its tagline “Developing wise, honorable, and cultivated citizens.” I had looked at their site 100 times and never noticed it before this summer. The Holy Spirit is funny that way, revealing things at just the right time. As I filled out my application, the only statement I was required to make was a short explanation of why I’d chosen Concordia and what I hoped to do with my degree. In other words, they were willing to give me the best of what they have to offer, of what they have learned and believed to be true about what it means to follow Christ, about how to apply myself rigorously towards understanding matters of theology in a more profound and purposeful way, but how those teachings take root in me, how scholarship emboldens my faith, what I enter— or walk away— believing is between me and God. Deep in my heart I knew that this is how it should be.
I used a size 5 hook and size 3 crochet thread and just love the look of the FPdc stitch that makes up the body of the berry. And with the 'lacy' edging that is simply a shell stitch -- it was a delight to do.
The struggle against war and imperialism can be taken forward only if it centered in the working class. The fight against war and the struggle against the destruction of jobs, living standards and basic social and democratic rights are today inseparable. Militarism abroad and social counterrevolution at home have common objective roots in the insoluble crisis of world capitalism. They can be defeated only through the political mobilization and international unity of the working class in the struggle for socialism.
If you or anyone you know has a child with a learning disability, please read the following. The struggles that my son, myself and our family has had to go through when dealing with our local school board is inexcusable. Every child deserves an education that helps them succeed at a young age and will help them exceed as they grow. My son has been neglected, ignored and fallen through the cracks by our school district. Thank goodness for the wonderful teachers at the elementary school that have gone above and beyond with helping my son and our family. I share a lot of stories on this blog but keep our names out. So in keeping with that, I have blacked out our last names and personal information.
Being the “son of Gautama” means that Aśwatthāmā was a member of a brahmin family. But Arjuna was duty bound to treat him like an animal, because that is what Aśwatthāmā’s behavior merited. Classical Indian literature evaluates social status not primarily by birth-caste, but by actual behavior.
The contemporary understanding exemplifies the “Cartesian Duality” between mind and body: the difference between mind and body is exemplified in the contemporary Feminist notion that although our bodies are different in being male or female the minds are the same. This implies a split between mind and body but in fact the two interact as we get to know ourselves we learn that our thoughts and experiences are bound up with our knowledge of our bodies. This is why men and women have different natures. The mind is linked to body or the physical structure of mind, else it could float around and attach itself respectively to other bodies and minds and interact. People of different sizes and disabilities feel differently about the world and act accordingly. The difference between male and female bodies has a similar effect. We treat people by their size or members of the opposite sex differently.
“I don’t have time.”
The newsletter also discusses the March 1, 2006 requirements for trade exhibitions to set up Complaint Review Panels (CRP) on the floor of the show for resolving intellectual property infringement disputes. However, the punishments for infringing at a trade show are probably not sufficiently intimidating to have much effect:
One hears very little in this country concerning brewing in the sister isle. It is a conservative industry, and separated from us by a natural barrier the sea — enough of itself to cause lamentable indifference. We know that the staff of operative brewers required by Guinness number 16 or 18, and the writer understands they are all Oxford or Cambridge men with the fun her advantage of a specialized scientific training at Continental universities. One never hears of these men. Their names never figure in trade journals. They are practically outside our ken.
...for breakfast, first, and then for whatever else was on the agenda after power naps!
And then, the long awaited ending...In The Last Battle, Narnia is being ripped apart. Aslan, the lion returns to show everyone the way home--Oh, but wait little Pevensie children, you can't go back to London--Don't you remember?--You were in a horrible train crash. Um, yeah, you died. Totally cool, though, you'll like heaven.
Date: May 13, 2010
A smile is the light in the window of your face that tells people you’re at home. ~Author Unknown
When my dad died, our doctor felt deep and honest remorse. I'm certain of it. Whether he also felt pangs of guilt, I'll never know. For years following dad's death, the doctor's wife came to visit once each summer carrying a cheque that would send one of us kids to camp. I know this family of devout Christians saw this act as God's work, charitable work. We were dirt poor; going to summer camp was an opportunity we certainly wouldn't have had without their help. The camp, Fair Glen, was a pan-denominational, evangelical Christian organization with a few acres of land about a half-hour from where I grew up. Its sole purpose was make us born again... while teaching us a bit of paddling and bead work on the side.
as light shadows dancing on green leaves.
THANK YOU FOR VISITING. ENJOY YOUR DAY!
I do have a gun post in mind. Another mystery challenge.
So make sure you click back early next week as there will be some wonderful bargains to be had. If you have ever been to one of our annual Black & Spiro sales at the store you will know that I'm pretty ruthless when it comes to my markdowns!!
The majority of us do not condone any act of violence on our streets and I hope the police will bring to book those responsible for the fracas on April 28.
This particular ride started the other night when, while channel surfing my cable TV looking for something to amuse me, I decided to watch a bit of True TV’s World’s Dumbest. All was going well, and both I and my son (who was watching the show in his room) were having a great time laughing at all the silliness. That is, until they got around to this clip:
what have been the toughest challenge/s for you? The ever challenging “work/life balance” and of course getting my name out there so people know what I do and where to find me.
With a Tear and a smile on his face ,yet not a tear of joy,Sicko looks at the moon and pulls out his diary to mark another murder.
“Having a lager, dear” I replied
You would have expected the Victorian parliament to bring in rigorous laws, prohibiting the use of food adulteration - but not a bit of it! On the one side a public outcry led to an anti-adulteration bill being put before the House of Commons in 1857, but it was voted down, as was a similar bill in 1859. Oratory denounced the legislation
Swiss Dots Cuttlebug folder
DS7 is going to a dawn service, but DD6 will only watch the later march on TV as she's very sensitive to noise. We'll make Anzac Biscuits of course! I've lost my recipe but hope the one I found online will be as soft and chewy as it claims. I hope to get around to a timeline and mapping activity too ... and we're sharing family stories of course, the few that we know.
Today I have a fun post for you. My Twitter BFF, Michelle Philippi and I have a fun post featuring cowbells. This whole thing started when we joined forces to purchase some rusty jingle bells. Before I knew it, cowbells were in the mix as well. What was I going to do with cowbells?
If you're an ancient Roman, the answer is "non, nunquam."
Instead we'll stay up late and drink Bailey's by the fire,
Ask yourself if you want to live the life of Julia? Dependency, ignorance, control, misery. That’s what Obama is offering in this plan. Makes you yearn for the sweet-talk of Mondale promising to raise our taxes; it was at least more honest and less power hungry.
This is a true account of the 1938 War of the Worlds radio broadcast written for children. This book did a great job describing what life was like in 1938 and role that radio played in society.
Is there no change of death in paradise?
SB: All right, Lord. And just for our listeners’ information, if I’m correct—and I’m sure you’ll correct me if I’m not—the Divine Mother is the Divine Energy and the Holy Father is the formless Godhead, Creator. Am I correct?
"Sweetie", I said to her, "D-boy's directions say not to just dump the pieces. What do yours say?"
The authors (and previous reviewers, if any), of the document I was talking about, did not seem to have bothered. There was vernacular, for cryin’ out loud! Actually, even if the authors had simply copied the content off some other similar documents submitted in the past, they would have sort of responded to the client’s questions.
This is a little trick I learned from Charlene Phillips in The Sewing Machine Classroom. Because of the twisted stranding, thread does have a direction. The way you pull it off the spool is the way it is meant to be used. In other words, the end that comes off the spool first should go through the eye of your needle; the end that comes off last should have the knot.
From blogs about complete anxiety breakdowns to when you get up to urinate at night. I simply do not feel that my additions to this world should be about coming off like a crazy person in need of deep cleansing counseling.
NEW YORK — Meryl Streep is fresh off her Oscar win for playing Margaret Thatcher. But she had an entire theater at Lincoln Center wondering if an even better role for her would be a political icon closer to home: Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Those sly pusses at HSN. They waited until after 5 p.m. today to announce that they have parted ways with Lynne Ronon, the network’s executive vice president of merchandising.
Kalindekafe said in a telephone
(Picture is from Wikipedia)
Now, the posting schedule for the week is going to be a bit strange... Tonight and tomorrow I'll be posting the final 5 reviews from last week. Come Friday, I'll post reviews for, at the very least, Avengers vs X-Men #4 and Vs #2. I wish I could get those two reviews up sooner, but alas, work and my crazy schedule preclude that from occurring. Later on today, I intend on posting a bunch of scans from the comics I read last week... So yeah, lots of stuff coming up this week. Until then though, Vampire X out.
Here are pics! -- and in no way, shape, or form are they in ay sort of chronological order. haha)
It’s all about grace, folks—all about Him and what He has already done for us. Out of love and gratitude, may we walk in the good works He has called us to today—not to earn anything but because He has already given us everything.
The more we are together, the lesser we actually merge,
I could put all these Asshole Things on the Asshole Chair of Shame, also known as The Chair of Things to Donate to Goodwill. Otherwise known as the Asshole Chair That Fills Up Every Weekend.
it into a 1 by squinting. Aren’t all
And yes sometimes in ‘that moment’ you’ll doubt, regret and stress…
George Gilmore: Polly's Song (Soul To Keep)
As such, I got very excited when I recently learned that Radio Riddler Productions (Fast and Frank Benbini of Fun Lovin Criminals (FLC), who are reggae remix producers in their spare time), are working to pull together a completely reggae tribute to Prince and the 'Purple Rain' album in its entirety (as well as a collection of Marvin Gaye's vocals over reggae music). Rumor has it that the album will feature a variety of artists and singers including members of The Specials brass section, members of Madness, former UB4O singer Ali Campbell (who will be singing 'Purple Rain'), Sinead O'Connor (performing 'I Would Die 4 U') and many more. It certainly doesn't hurt that Benbini is originally from Leicester in the U.K. and is well connected in the British music scenic.
Not counting the 3 I bought from Barnes & Noble in the dealer room:
We didn’t have a huge party to worry about, so we able to relax and focus on the ceremony and the commitment we were making to each other. That was definitely the best part. We also had a four-hour lunch at Zuni Café after the ceremony (we didn't even make a reservation, we just walked in & they were so excited that we just dropped in after getting married, guess that's not exactly typical!). The lunch was just us and our photographers (Laura & Bill of eLLe PHOTOGRAPHY) & it was the perfect start to our married life.
I ask Ms J at work if I should have the Fringe cut short. (Ms J, incidentally, has a perfect fringe that obediently stays exactly where it’s supposed to.)
Today's post is live and direct from the top of my head. Nothing like winging it to give a completely unstructured and somewhat disjointed blog post. Mind you, I'm assuming you don't come here for quality writing. :-)
As for training well it wouldn't be a real champagne without a few bumps along the way. This week we have had it all. I have had to manage some thoracic issues. Fatigue levels got pretty high by the end of the week. We have had state team training. We have shifted out of one accommodation and into another and then back to our original accommodation. We have aimed to test boats but this may not happen this week now. Working through a team dynamics has us asking questions of ourselves and discussing what this all means and what we need to be the best we can be.
Are you pregnant (when you don't want to tell yet)?
Sampled on August 5, 2008
If we think about it, if it was a male classic author that I had read first, would it be different? I wish I could love Dumas like other people do but to no avail. Why can’t D’Artanon be more like Mr. Rochester, Heathcliff or Mr. Darcy, because then I could understand him.
First off, we would just like to say how sorry we are for not updating our recipes as frequently as we usually do, but boy have we got a great recipe for you... GLUTEN FREE (or non gluten free) CHOCOLATE CHIP LOAF! This recipe is easily, the easiest (and most delicious pumpkin) loaf we've ever made, and we decided to share it with all of you!
Taka Hirata represents a few "firsts" for my portrait project. Not only was Taka the first person to represent the Topaz internment camp in my project, but she was also the first centenarian that I had the honor of photographing. Taka is 104 years old! Although she needs assistance to stand up, she was able to walk right out the front door and pose for her photograph with only the aid of her walker. She also has a surprisingly strong grip.
Something bigger?
According to the embassy’s version of the incident, about half an hour after the arrival of “the internationally renowned Indian film star” by a private jet at White Plains airport on Thursday afternoon, the Indian consulate in New York received information that he had not been cleared by the US Customs and Border Protection (USCBP).
It’s time to get the menu ready for Thanksgiving…we’ll celebrate it on the 20th since Michael will be away on Thanksgiving. We’re doing a Weight Watchers Thanksgiving dinner…
Kenny made five changes bringing back Gerrard from injury, Shelvey, Bellamy, Carragher and Downing, Andy Carroll was left at home. No doubt all this was with Wembley in mind but with Kenny’s team selection, although not in the league Rafa’s rotation, you don’t always know what he’s going to do so it’s pointless trying to speculate!
28. Eva Alone (dialogue) (00:10)
My second contribution uses some rescued components from last week's challenge. The woodgrain and script stamping was cut from a one layer card that was slightly off square and mounted onto this one with the Memory Box die cut added.
Carpet Cleaning Methods That Work
Well, still at training and still having a wonderful week- all in all!
Rotten Tomatoes: 20%
Monroe recognizes a mold derivative called J – lethal to humans but has opiate effects on Wesen and highly addictive. Rosalee stays behind to catalogue anything Wesen would kill over. She finds a connection with Monroe after the two show their animal form. I like this greeting and bonding gesture. It’s very animalistic – like dogs sniffing each other’s butts.
2. Find out the topic for the week by searching for the #eltpics hashtag or asking @sandymillin, @fionamau or @cgoodey (the current curators of the site). A new topic is announced every Sunday. (By the way, if you have any topic suggestions, feel free to let us know!)
I had both today, this morning when I woke up. Voices, that is. The Voice was predominate, as usual lately, but I also was able to distinguish the faint whisperings of my own mind..something that I have been incapable of for quite some time. I relished in the sweetness of my awareness as I actually ate something I needed to this morning. Too bad, ‘for it was too short lived. Granted, in this vulnerable position in which I am living, I was fairly predisposed to eventually losing the slight progress I was allotted upon my awakening. However, I do believe that your opinions served as the smallest of catalysts, if I may.
The decision brought on an early slew of applications from local atheists, who apparently were so offended by the presence of a manger scene that they felt compelled to submit more tasteful displays – such as a crucified skeleton dressed as Santa Claus, and a sign depicting Jesus flanked by Santa and the Easter Bunny, referring to all of them as myths. Take that, kiddies!
She grins and shrugs, dropping her hands to hold them at her waist. A passive pose that evokes images of innocence, a sweet girl standing outside the church on a Sunday afternoon, clutching her handbag. “Yeah, sorry, it’s the go-to response for me.”
While many of you have told me to "just put things on hold for a while", that is not an option. If I had a 9 to 5 job, I couldn't just put it on hold and this business is no different. I am working hard to meet all of my obligations to those who have supported me by purchasing kits and patterns and I will not let you down....you will just delayed a short time.
No sign is more passionate than intense Scorpio, and when mixed with the increased emotions of a full Moon, you can expect to feel strongly about everything! What did you set in motion at the new Moon on April 21? Now is the time to step back and see what you should retain … and what you should release. With Jupiter joining the Sun, as well as a pair of trines occurring (Venus to Saturn and Mars to Pluto), you’ll get plenty of help.
Now less than two weeks away I have your 1st birthday coming up and how I cant believe your going to be one. Like I have said before there are times when I think wow it only seems like yesterday I was holding you in my arms praying that you would wake up and take a breath and open your eyes and look at me then in another since it seems like so long since I felt you and hugged you and rocked you in the rocking chair singing to you and telling you that I love you and how much I was going to miss you. I long to hold you in my arms everyday how I would love to hold even just for one more min.
I was a child in the sixties
It’s considered good etiquette to offer a taste of your wine to your server. Of course, this works better for all concerned when you bring a better quality wine. You don’t want the person offered a taste to gag on the cheap wine you bought at “Larry’s House O’ Wine”.
Hopefully, after watching Annabelle make bouffants and gowns, rocket ships and pirate ships, the reader will see that she is a girl who never gives up on the idea of being herself.
there’s nothing much to save
The report, signed by Deloitte director Roy Shough, found that most of the conflict between the board and executive arose over the axing of Dali Mpofu as SABC group chief executive .
In a healthy athletics office the coaching staffs are generally supportive of each other. It’s good for the program and it’s good for the University. You see it at Kentucky all the time. Both in person and on the internet, Kentucky coaches can be seen and heard promoting, supporting and cheering for other teams throughout the athletics department.
They are pretty rare here, and I always forget how much I miss them until one happens.
We have several employees hired (10 right now including us) and have all their paperwork filled out and ready to go. We had our first official employee meeting today and got our blinds put up so no one will be blinded by the setting sun in the evening. The things that still haven’t been done are really more aesthetic than anything. We haven’t gotten our pictures back from being framed yet so as soon as that happens we will get those hung but for now we are a go.
50. Invite people over more often.
First I'm showing you my New Year's mani. I wanted to do something different, not just tons of glitter.
Those social networks have been killing a number of educational careers lately, so applying for that NEXT teachers-aide position, with the above video as a character reference, perhaps Kaylee should look forward to more time on-the-streets with her #OWS chums, not so sure her future is in education.
But in case you are still searching for the perfect sweet potato casserole recipe, I've got one for you. If you're looking for a healthy version, you can skip this post and head over to Cassie's blog where she has a tasty, good-for-you sweet potato recipe. I got this recipe from my grandma, who cooks the absolute best southern food ever (I'm talking gumbo, chicken and dumplings, and banana pudding), so her sweet potato casserole isn't light on the butter (or sugar).
There were a couple of reasons that were thrown around on why not to pick Peyton Manning: he couldn’t beat Florida, couldn’t win the big game, he was surrounded by great players that masked his flaws. All of these had some substance, but I think the real reason why people didn’t like Manning is that inherited wealth has a stigma in America today. Since Archie Manning was a longtime NFL quarterback, and Peyton grew up around NFL stadiums, he was looked at as football’s equivalent to having a silver spoon in his mouth. Americans will rally around the self-made man any day, but we tend resent it when those at the top were born with certain advantages.
Absolutely! The biggest influences in how we choose to live in our adult homes are the houses we grew up in and where we’ve lived and visited after that. It’s unequivocally either love or hate: either you have such fond memories of your childhood home that you want to recreate it, or it was a stylistic and/or emotional nightmare, and you want to go 180° in the opposite direction.
I love Indian food, and some people mistake me for being Indian. I do have an Indian ancestor because my great grandmother comes from Cavite. Centuries ago, when the British docked in Cavite, their Indian slaves escaped and intermarried with the locals. There is also a large population of Indians here in the Philippines. When I searched for India in my blog, there were several posts that came up, but I don’t remember mentioning India in these posts.
For all the noise and shenningans where the scuzzy recordings may hide it, at the heart of it all, Bo Coach knew how to write really good songs that were smart yet playful. When you remove the fuzz and actually be able to discern the melodies and structure, "Mannequin" is a brilliant song. And perhaps I have an advantage because I was able to hear them perform this live sans poor production values. But even songs like "Construction Paper Princess" is an absolutely marvelous song that nearly brings me to tears every time. "Uncle Roy" is smart, playful, and is certainly unique. And "Fast One" is a quintessential suburban indie rock ripper. One of my biggest regrets in my life is misplacing the original master tapes of the original recordings of "Mannequin" and "Welcome Citizens" as I would've love to share those with everyone today. Heck, just one more listen would do me right. I don't think anyone back then ever thought myself or anyone would ever archive this stuff.
However, when taking stock of our spiritual achievements, one cannot escape the dismal thought that not only are we light years away from our goal, but the trajectory of our efforts is not even directed towards spiritual greatness - let alone perfection.
Your Angels Boston and Americus
zoe touched my head and asked in a concerned voice, "mommy are you ok?!"
The assault came on the day President Hamid Karzai’s truncated cabinet – what was left after the Afghan Parliament twice rejected a large number of presidential nominees – was to be sworn in. It also comes prior to the arrival of tens of thousands of American and allied troops in Afghanistan.
The Confusing:
My dad is once again in the hospital, and while his spirits are high, his body appears to be getting tired.
Oh, and there was a Royal Wedding too…
After I came to a stop, the plow went by—probably just to get a closer look.
It all begins with a stupid question:
I havent been able to bring myself to a place where I want a diagnosis.
You could wrap the stem with florist tape if you want to thicken it up.
Anyway, I wanted to do crazy things like add mushrooms to it but I was scared to do that on the first go around. But since my husband now craves this daily I'll get to that real soon for sure : )
I would like to introduce you to Rachel, the pretty blonde working the retro curls ala Kelly Preston. Then on my other side is Laura who brought back her middle school perm and sky high bangs with the lace hair bow. I chose to rock the side pony with neon and lace tights.
Keep Visiting
I met with the gal from Expo
“Keep it,” she said to me. And I think we both realized that holding on to it wasn’t about being able to unlock the door of her house.
There are a variety of wedding organizers and each one has pros and cons but here are a few things you should look for in one:
Her figure, baby strapped to her back, is a montage from every television commercial that has implored me to “feed the hungry” and every picture brought back from mission trips to Africa by white, middle-class Americans.
I have been getting a few emails & queries on ravelry about understanding the symbols in Japanese crochet books so I thought it might be a good idea to add to my FAQ post from last year.
Don't know about you, but I'm encouraged to know that Superman (and Superdog, I guess) had 18 different Kryptonites to deal with.
Riva raised her eyebrows. “You don’t believe in their power?”
The Halton District School Board is proud to present the 9th Annual Halton Elementary Art Show, called Elements and Expressions, from Tuesday, May 1 until Thursday, May 3, 2012.
I miss you.
You can toast the walnuts if you like to intensify the flavor. However, I never bother with this and it still tastes great!
After much soul-searching and sleepless nights, a winner was declared.
Emotionally: For less worry and more peace of mind I am going to _________________________________.
Week 4: Islam - Pretty sure this could take up a whole three posts by itself.
6. And as to a review of his performance, no one has the power to review what he is doing. The international statistics of Scientology are a secret. They are never published, never talked about. Former insiders say that Scientology international statistics have been on a long term death slide since 1991. And if that seems far-fetched, ask yourself this: If the statistics really were booming, don’t you think they’d be showing them at events? You bet they would.
Next stop, Pamplona.
I will begin this by saying that I enjoy dressing up and looking nice. In fact, I think it would be nice if people took a little bit of extra time to look nice, instead of "cool". Sure, I wear blue jeans and t-shirts as much as the next person, but I still appreciate the early part of the last century where everyone - literally everyone - dressed up at all times. Men wore suits in every situation and women wore dresses.
reading some james baldwin this morning in addition to my normal book that i always have started. baldwin is always the sort to be "in your face" about stuff but always a good reminder with "not everything that is faced can be changed but nothing can be changed until it is faced."
Sure, the 1995 BBC version outstripped this one. Early BBC costume dramas look prehistoric now, with their immovable cameras and bad lighting. I did a lot of group viewing of the 1995 Pride and Prejudice too — including one memorable weekend with all my best grad school girlfriends, piled together in a friend’s apartment, loading up on Colin Firth like too many candy bars. (Aldine, I haven’t forgotten that, nor the fact that you’re the one who introduced me to North & South.)
Let’s see…the pace was great. The structure was great. The writing was top-notch. Am I leaving anything out? I mean, when I read a script, I’m charting about 8 things that show a mastery of the craft. They include things like character, structure, dialogue, pacing, conflict, theme, that sort of stuff. Most amateur scripts I read are lucky to have 1. This may be the first script I’ve read to have all 8.
Given Paramount's close ties to the genre of comedy, it should come as no surprise that it would produce some of the greatest comedies ever made. Indeed, Paramount was the home of auteur Preston Sturges for may years. It was at Paramount Pictures that screenwriter Preston Sturges would make his directorial debut with The Great McGinty in 1940. Christmas in July (1940), The Lady Eve (1941), Sullivan's Travels (1941), The Palm Beach Story (1942), The Miracle of Morgan's Creek (filmed 1942, released 1944), Hail the Conquering Hero (1944), and The Great Moment (filmed 1942, released 1944) were all released through Paramount. Indeed, Sullivan's Travels is not only often counted among the greatest comedies of all time, but the greatest films of all time as well.
I did get one of those crochet projects done this week. It is a baby papoose that I started writting when I was preggers with Livie (who is going to be 3 this month). I never got to the point of typing it up so I was working with 3 year old chicken scratch on pieces of paper, backs of envelopes etc. It was hard to remember where I was going with my idea so I just winged it and am happy with it.
“Pretty much all of the above, but still, I can’t accept this.” I held the check up.
Maybe I’ll work that in to a New Year’s resolution somehow!
Author of many short stories, Pavarti spans genres from Horror and Erotica all the way to Fantasy. Currently Pavarti is hard at work preparing for the release of her upcoming novel Shadow on the Wall, a Muslim Superhero Literary Fiction.
05. Adagio
You may not think so, but the above picture is absolutely beautiful. Why? Because there is water coming down over the rocks on the side of the fairway behind our house.
year.
Since I’ve been limiting myself to sweets once per week (or at least trying really, really hard!) I’ve been very carefully selecting what to make for my cheat day.
Morning, not even sure as to what day of the week were on - well I am as Amelia is back at school but I have so lost track with the party(s) over the weekend!!
Follow @SorghumGrowers on Twitter for live updates and information during Classic. Be sure to use the hash tag #Classic12 when tweeting about Classic.
Ooops,! we are busy packing so that we can all live in the same city and we haven't done our PhotoSunday! assignment this week, in fact I didn't even post it. Eleanor chose it and it is:
Avoid sleeping on your side
And of course, spending my days playing with this little peanut is what I do most of the time. Our pediatrician told us to start suicide-proofing the house today, yikes, I'm not ready for that!
The main problem was they weren't honest about it.
Well, more power to us humans. I like having a Creator I can outwit. Beats being a pet. I'm glad it was Azathoth and not Odin.
A cattleman that’s who. Someone I’ve known since he was 6. His father, also a rancher was and is a friend. His classmates at Harvard called him a cow farmer. They were rather surprised when the profs picked him as their assistant, telling him as a Montanan, he was there for the bottom of the curve. All that was 25 years ago but bicoastal arrogance hasn’t changed about flyover country as far as I can tell.
6. Midnight Cafe (6:12)
Roth’s “Plan B” is a bad, bad idea. Good ideas? Ensuring more effective and sustainable deployments of existing military forces in LRA-affected areas, building the capacity of civilians to protect themselves and their communities, and integrating robust civilian protection strategies into all efforts to apprehend senior LRA commanders.
Before the hand cramps started, I was stitching on this wonderfully sweet design by Beth Twist! It is an exclusive design available only to those who participate in her simple rules at Heartstrings Around the World (even though I had to read it several times for it to register). I did change out a few colors since I did not have all the required threads and I was so anxious to start on it! No patience here! I had a little trouble at first with wondering about my color choices, my fabric choice and a herd of frogs invaded my time. Once the frogs left and I got some color stitched into the piece, it has become a fun piece to work on.
Recently, we have been approached by a few college students asking about internship opportunities at Events by Evonne. As our 2009 wedding season is fast approaching, it's time to start the search and the interviews.
You have to wait, man, unreal, for shame.
The presenter at the event, Rich Bronson (a SAPA), walked up to a chair at this point and asked the chair if he could sit in it. He asked the crowd what was weird about it and someone eventually piped up that sitting on it was what the chair was made for. Bronson then pointed out that if, through our language, we say women are made for sex, why would men ask for consent before having sex with them?
Into glistening moments now,
I've now seen two episodes and really enjoyed them both, even though they are getting a bit self-referential with all the "cheekbones" stuff and the endless harping on about Holmes and Watson aren't in a gay relationship.
@WesleyCloete: The #Santam ad has been viewed more than 62 000 times since 12pm yesterday. value of YouTube views = R55 million bit.ly/I5NBRQ
Ladies and gentlemen, please allow me to introduce.....Super Toilet! You may not be able to tell from this photo, but THIS...this is the world's MOST amazing toilet seat. First of all, it's heated. Ahhhh. And soft. And what's that? Why it's a remote control bidet with heat, pulsating front and/or back spray and a dryer! Yes that right. Close your eyes and think of Paris my friends.
We've reached our final destination of our USA trip. Which is a bittersweet fact in itself but the mood is so upbeat after a lovely few days at Coachella that it doesn't matter and dare I say it, we're feeling ready to leave. Much time was spent with Patrice over the past few days (four performances, four car journeys, two trips to Dennys, one viewing of Pretty in Pink and one trip to Sprinkles worth to be exact) who stole the show at Coachella with her pretty homemade feather headdress. It was actually the first time meeting her (though in that typical 21st century style of 'internet' friendship I've known her for a while through Abby.) and Joanna and I were most sad to have to say goodbye to her at the Greyhound station in Los Angeles yesterday. Back to Coachella; Phoenix, Gorillaz, Vampire Weekend were all amazing. The three of us played Thomas Mars VS Damon Albarn. Thomas was in the lead after the Phoenix performance (if you ever get the chance I insist you see them, their music is really best listened to live and you'll fall in love with Thomas on stage) until Damon sang his duet with Yukimi Nagano during the Gorillaz set and their chemistry caused the cutest most romantic goosebump inspiring moment. We three are unanimous that while Thomas is gorgeous and French and sensitive, Damon has that rougher persona that suggests he might conk somebody on the nose for you. Which I suppose is an attractive quality?
12. Time Tough
magic bullets or hiding evidence under
14 June Rose Waltz
That's right, it's my first ever film review!
mad-bhaktaḥ saṅga-varjitaḥ
As I have struggled these past two weeks to discipline myself to do all that I need to do—not what I want to do—the thought came that God, our Father knows what we need, for all that He plans for us to do.
Dr Lombardo is board certified in adult, child and adolescent psychiatry and is a diplomate of the American Society of Clinical Psychopharmacology. He is the author of “Understanding the mind of your bipolar child”
Historically, the State has allowed spouses of nursing home residents applying for Medicaid to refuse to disclose their separate assets without affecting the Medicaid eligibility of nursing home residents. The proposed regulations will no longer allow spouses to refuse to disclose their separate assets. If they do, the only way the nursing home Medicaid applicant (or community spouse) will be allowed to receive Medicaid benefits is if they assign their support rights to the State of Illinois to allow the State to take legal action against the non-disclosing spouse, or, if they can prove that it is an undue hardship.
Quite the contrary, in fact.
In Punjabi literature today, just as Rañjha is identified with his flute and Sohni with her un-fired water pitcher (kacha gharha), Mirza has n
I was a little annoyed with the cops and the system throughout this novel, though; it almost seemed like the cops and security people had no idea what they were doing. There were many times that I yelled out at them as I read because their mistakes were too often and too obvious, but even so, their errors help fuel help fuel the story. Three stars.
One chapter of The Dolorous Passion dwells on the Harrowing of Hell (otherwise known as the Descent into Hell) and makes for quite and interesting read - especially Emmerich's prophecy concerning the unchaining of the Devil, which she claimed would happen during the middle of the twentieth century. Many would argue that the period from the 1940s onwards was probably the most hellish in human history - both politically and within the Church itself.
"Over the past century, our society and economy have developed in tandem with the automobile and trucking industries. As a consequence, we have become highly dependent on these infrastructures for maintaining our way of life.
Drowning, a calling to arms
Debate crazy ideas for a first date.
This delicious bacon and zucchini quiche recipe is courtesy of Elisabeth Prueitt from Martha Stewart.
Chaos erupts in the barnyard when the goose gets loose! I clearly remember my mother reading (chanting, really) this book aloud during a family roadtrip. If her plan was to keep us from bickering in the back seat, this rollicking tale did the trick. The goose leads the farmer and the other animals on a wild, raucous romp that keeps wiggly wee ones glued to the page. Told in rhyme, this is a fantastic one to share with itty bitties who like to get up and go–the rhythm of the text will keep them engaged, and Kellogg’s colorful, movement-infused illustrations will give them plenty to investigate. As kids get older, there’s more and more to see here–it’s a great book that will grow with your family!
Blog Song of The Day
last but not lease is Clink
Upon arriving at my inn, the first question I had was to the inn owner about this car rental transaction - the most puzzling and lackadaisical I have ever seen in my life. He said to be assured, the owner would know my whereabouts at any given moment. I asked how that was possible. He told me that Nevis was a very small place (the island nation only has a population of 12,000), and everyone knew everything. I asked how any problems would be resolved. He assured me that everything would be fine, just don't have an accident. This was not comforting at all.
they're always working against each other."
Considering the retail price, also see what is included for your selling price. Generally other extras should be ordered. The Visec safety Method features being previously designed by persons at NASA levels. It could do notices, multiple digital cameras, and it has traveler mode. (Might appear to be a certain amount of overkill with me privately.)
My new stamp this month is the Diamond Backgrounder - I stamped it to be my skyline backdrop again the Echo Park Yours Truly 12 x 12 stickers. Then I embossed the base of the circle with the Swiss Dots Cuttlebug folder - one of my all-time greats!
In the end this was a pretty enjoyable Winter Brew and I could see this being a staple for the winter months for the years to come.
When the CDF tried to suppress Sister Jeannine Gramick, New Ways Ministry’s co-founder, by telling her that she could not do pastoral work with lesbian/gay people and that she could not speak about the Vatican’s investigation of her ministry, she responded with a simple statement filled with eloquent courage, “I choose not to participate in my own oppression.”
I spent a good hour swearing and pressing buttons, taking cartridges out, putting them back in again. Bupkiss. Nada. Nothing.
Marvel Studios presents “Marvel’s The Avengers”—the Super Hero team up of a lifetime, featuring iconic Marvel Super Heroes Iron Man, The Incredible Hulk, Thor, Captain America, Hawkeye and Black Widow. When an unexpected enemy emerges that threatens global safety and security, Nick Fury, Director of the international peacekeeping agency known as S.H.I.E.L.D., finds himself in need of a team to pull the world back from the brink of disaster. Spanning the globe, a daring recruitment effort begins.
KARAOKE WITH SHEEP - Don't be shy - the sheep aren't. Get a pint from the Baaaa - Get up and serenade your favourite wooly boy... enjoy yourself on the mic .... but strictly no touching.
Welcome! I decided to start a blog to chronicle our journey into parenthood, my passion for photography, my love affair with baking and my obsession with home decorating and refinishing furniture. I guess this blog is really just a melting pot of what's going on in my day to day life!
I feel good about the way things are going.
Here is what wiki says:
Third-Party Support
All About Pocket Watches
Each time we visit in either country, we will make a small quilt,
The Middle East Institute is having a book sale! Culled from the extensive collection of the Middle East Institute Library, items for sale include books, journals, and magazines on the Middle East and ranging in subject from history, political science, and religion to fiction, travelogues, and culture. More than 1,500 books from throughout the Institute's 65-year history will be available for purchase. Most items cost just $1 or $2!
by Hilary Robertshaw
My life is slowly returning to somewhat routine tracks, yet again, not quite. I have entered a novel existence and I guess it only dawned on me first very recently that I have truly moved on.
Since I’m hopeless with picking out a lens for my DSLR cause I’m a noob when it comes to advance photography. I checked it out online. I searched for the best lenses for my camera specifically since what I might pick out may not be compatible. So far all the lenses in the list seems good. I’m save the link here cause I’m just using my aunts laptop.
Before society inures us to bustle – in a time preceding the noise of family squabbles, electronics and the overall din of civilization – beats a heart yearning for serenity. The head conditions itself to busyness while the soul basks in silence. The further I have returned to that innate longing, the stronger my penchant for solace in open oceans and in quiet forest glades.
What I'm hoping to do is to work out a challenging, but realistic, amount that I'll set as our new food budget. I doubt it will be $85 a week but I don't want it to be too much more. I want you to all come along on this journey with me. I think it will do us all good to check what we're doing to make sure we're still on track. But I don't want to jump right into it. I want to do this mindfully and carefully, by next week I'll have a better idea of my figures but it will take me a full month to get an accurate idea of what we should stick to in the near future. This week, and during the coming month, I'll write about my progress. If you want to join in, please let me know you're here and as usual, I'll start a forum thread so we can discuss what we're doing, give hints and tips and try to find the best way of doing this for all of us.
I found the napkins in Briscoes on special for $2 each which was great- they are really good quality too. Or you could make your own or hunt for a set at an op-shop even. I drew the designs myself after looking through my christmas crafty file, christmas craft books and looking at clipart to get ideas.
“If you go back just 10 or 15 years, most states had no English-language proficiency standards and offered a long menu of different types of English-proficiency assessments that were completely non-comparable,” said Robert Linquanti, a senior research associate with WestEd, a San Francisco-based education research and development organization. “The other reality is that you had districts who did not assess these kids annually or even look at how they were doing for years, and there was no real focus on the relationship between the development of English-language proficiency and their progress on academic subject matter.”
For a good example of in-your-face faux-White pro-jewish arrogance read just about anything written by The Undiscovered Jew. For example, see his comments at OneSTDV's "More Thoughts on White Ethnostate". For a double dose of faux-Whiteness see his exchange with Auster in Is human bio-diversity the next conservatism? I noted the strange humor they find in their own confused hypocrisy in A Moron Amused by a Fool Helping an Idiot.
To some extent, we also get evidence of this when he bullies Ted into online dating and, after throwing a fake girl at him, gets him to agree to go on a few dates. While Marshall delves into full on panic mode over parenthood and Quinn makes Barney even more uncomfortable by recognizing some “clients” on the street, Ted goes on his first date…with Robyn.
So not a lot of writing has got done..or anything at all really. Normal service will be resumed as soon as possible. In the meantime you may wish to catch up on the excitement in the village here on our local community blog.
“Yeah.” He grinned.
So during this Veteran's day, I am thankful each time a stranger shakes a veteran's hand on the street and thanks them for their service. I know this one small kind gesture can make all the difference in the heart on one serving, always prepared to make the ultimate sacrifice for that stranger on the street. And some continue to sacrifice even after their death when so-called 'religious' groups protest while their families merely attempt to bury their loved ones with honor.
This year, photos circulated online of Mr. Bo on a holiday in Tibet with another princeling, Chen Xiaodan, a young woman whose father heads the China Development Bank and whose grandfather was a renowned revolutionary. The result was a flurry of gossip, as well as criticism on the Internet of the two for evidently traveling with a police escort. Ms. Chen didn’t respond to requests for comment via email and Facebook.
I also tossed in a cute new factory graphic tee with the Eiffel Tower on it, as a no-brainer match-up (we all have those days). Despite being new, it was promo priced, and with discount, the tee came to just under $14 with promo). I like that it's a v-neck, as that's always more flattering for me. I ordered a medium, again for the clinginess reasons. It's a nice longer length. And no French to mess up. ;)
Here are a few close-ups. I loved creating this layout for the Merly Impressions Design Team and you can find more details about the materials and how I created it here. Don't forget also that the challenge to win a £20 voucher is still running! You can find it here! I hope this inspired you!
So back in March I was a bit optimistic with how long it would take me to lose my 25 pounds.
I’m not cute or built to suit a fashion model’s size
I didn't take a picture yet this week, but hopefully I will get to it later on. The way I look today is not something I want to document haha :)
2070.E-XII/1/1998. On sportsmanship and professional sports. Hickory Daily Record, Hickory, North Carolina, December 1, 1998, p. A-4; Chicago Tribune, December 3, 1998, sec. 1, p. 28. (Incorporated in Item C-1988(12), above, pp. 860-61.)
I'm also really excited to see the wedding line Anthropologie is planning to debut!
I ate at a roadside stall and asked the rajasthani owner for cheap hotels. I figured I should give these a look over once in case I needed to locate them later in the night. The first one I went to was 400 bucks for the room and hot water, the second one that I didn’t go to (because the reception was up a flight of steps in a crowded street and I didn’t want my cycle to disappear) I was told would be 200. Then I headed back to the beach which was still crowded at 8:30. I found a nice spot in the soft dry sand and lay down just above the waterline with my head-band beneath my head. I put the cycle right next to me and held onto the wheel with one hand as I dozed off.
If I am honest the only reason I’ve noticed a change in my shape is because I have the same clothes and they fit differently. Otherwise I’d have probably not realised. Since having Jay and returning to the weight I was before I now have smaller boobs, my hips are larger and my middle is looser. However, my thighs and back are more solid and leaner and my hips now make an awesome clicking sound. So, it’s not bad; it’s just different (and apparently a change is as good as a rest).
Today we took the boys to the Flint Institute of Art. They have a small Picasso exhibit and a 3D exhibit I wanted to see what they had. I also wanted to the boys to see some art. I'm hoping they will develop a love for art. But this post is only partly about my sons and art. It's mostly about taking photos in the museum. You see, the FIA asks visitors to sign a release saying we won't post pictures on websites or use them for other, well, uses. I didn't want to discuss the fine print of what might be acceptable or not for this blog, so I was a bit gun-shy with the camera. I did get this nifty sticker so I wouldn't be arrested or something if I did take pictures.
So go forth and do stupid things! Just make sure it's the right kind of stupid, or we'll end up like this:
Catherine Rampell of The New York Times has an interesting post on the Economix blog on the increase in college tuition. Here is the main graph that shows the trend:
"Give your child a single valuable idea, and you have done more for his education than if you had laid upon his mind the burden of bushels of information"--Charlotte Mason
It seemed daunting at first, but over the course of several weeks, I laid hands on 0ver 840 items in the collection and I was able to do a comprehensive physical assessment while I collected statistics. I learned a lot about the fast-paced ebb and flow of a teen collection by looking so closely at these items and their circulation patterns, especially for long-running series like Naruto.
“Serving and former US Navy SEALs have slammed President Barack Obama for taking the credit for killing Osama bin Laden and accused him of using Special Forces operators as ‘ammunition’ for his re-election campaign.”
Participant artists:
The recall is due to possible contamination by E.coli O157:H7 bacteria after about 20 people were sickened. The recall includes meat products that were processed on April 21 -22, 2009 and that have been sold nationally and internationally.
So what did we learn from Needful Things? Obviously, the main one is "Caveat Emptor!" You may think you are getting exactly what you want, but what are you sacrificing to get it? And what are you willing to do to keep it? Pride is a good thing to have sometimes, but remember that it is also one of the seven deadly sins. Grief is a necessity, but it's okay to move on. Questioning a loved one's death can only do more harm than good to your sanity. And finally, and maybe most importantly - drugs are bad. But you all knew that.
I was really taken back by her comments because yes, a lot of people have been doubting and questioning how long UCONN can keep it up (I mean honestly, I was hoping Standford would upset them). But, when you really think about it, isn't is so much easier to lose at things than it is to keep winning? If you apply this to the Christian life, it's so much easier to just give up or sleep in and not spend good time with God than it is to consistently get up and engage. It's a choice to not fear and to trust and have confidence God and where he has you. It's a hard choice to not be afraid or to not complain about life and to instead love what you're doing and to play your heart out... allowing the holy spirit to work through you (even when you are tired).
While I absolutely intend to keep things going here with service reviews, articles and news, followers of the site may notice that while the quality and sharpness of focus here will remain, the intensity of postings simply cannot if I am to pursue my wider writing passions. In the past few months alone, I'm have been writing at up to fifty plus posts per month, and in some cases, they can run into several thousand words at a time.
Located at N. Lamar and St. Johns, Midtown Commons is 4 miles from the University of Texas, 12 minutes from downtown Austin, and in close proximity to several transit options (including the future Capital Metro MetroRail).
She sneers defiantly at him, but her bravado is leaving her, as she simply can’t imagine what she can do against this creature. She almost fails to notice that the other victims, the twins and the man covered in her strange vomit, are all struggling to their feet as well. The twins move to bar the giant’s way, but he shows no concern. As he prepares to sweep them away, his focus still mainly on her, he overlooks the strangely mutated builder crouching at her feet.
He can get his socks and shoes if I tell him we are going outside. He can bring a book or toy you ask him to get. He can put his dishes or bottles in the sink when told.
Wise adults choose which things still do,
Spicy Tartar Sauce:
By now, there is "a growing tension on the farm", and Albert is getting in more and more arguments with his mother and father. The mother insists that his father only drinks so much because he worries about the farm mortgage, and because he's getting older. "Albert and his father scarcely spoke to each other on those days," narrates Joey, "and Albert's mother was used more and more by both as a go-between, as a negotiator."
Let’s first have a look at Power Distance (PDI). There’s a marked different between the two countries. Australia has quite low power distance, meaning that we tend to see everyone as being equal no matter how much power they actually hold. Japan, on the other hand, has a moderate score, meaning that while they are very much aware of their place in the hierarchy of society, they also still hold the belief that anyone can do anything if they work hard enough.
He would walk through and then close it behind himself like it was no big deal.
“No, I noticed. I noticed,” I said. “Maybe he’s a DJ?”
As always we'll be giving away PRIZES as well to THREE lucky Hoppers!!!
We kept walking in love,
Other blog stuff: A happy 69th birthday to "Shaft" singer Isaac Hayes. Shut your mouth.
I'm enjoying the near-perfect weather we've been enjoying lately in the Bay Area. I made the mistake the other day, though, of saying that all I wanted to do was spend the afternoon sitting in the sun. I was at the dermatologist's. Whoopsie. I wear sunscreen and a hat, but apparently that didn't matter to the ladies in there who looked at me like I'd announced my plan to shave my head or something equivalently unthinkable.
It was the worst experience to be a displaced person. Call it a nightmare. My family did not have our own place for almost one year; we were lucky to have few relatives who sheltered us temporarily. I clearly remember the discomfort and sadness in my parents’ eyes for occupying their friends’ space. We soon restarted life from scratch in the new town, renting someone’s basement first. I know how painful the people who are currently displaced must feel. No one deserves to go through such an experience.
What if I only buy organic?
Creating jobs is not difficult for government. What is difficult is creating jobs that produce wealth.
My favorite is my freshest one, whatever it is I suddenly remember today that I had forgotten all about. It might be the nighttime walks down the street when I was four, with my dad, and there was a creek under the road, and on the road would be 1000’s of toads eating bugs drawn to the streetlight there. But I have remembered that before, so it cannot be my favorite memory today.
Then Jesus told his disciples a parable to show them that they should always pray and not give up. He said: “In a certain town there was a judge who neither feared God nor cared what people thought. And there was a widow in that town who kept coming to him with the plea, ‘Grant me justice against my adversary.’ “For some time he refused. But finally he said to himself, ‘Even though I don’t fear God or care what people think, yet because this widow keeps bothering me, I will see that she gets justice, so that she won’t eventually come and attack me!’” And the Lord said, “Listen to what the unjust judge says. And will not God bring about justice for his chosen ones, who cry out to him day and night? Will he keep putting them off? I tell you, he will see that they get justice, and quickly. However, when the Son of Man comes, will he find faith on the earth?”
Sources: Wikipedia, youtube, imdb.com, nmdb.com
So join me in raising a glass to the lowly blogger. May your laptop hold its charge and your spell check never fail.
rectangle 2 layer
Earlier today a customer walks in and says his laptop is not working. It will not connect to the internet. He goes on to tell me that he was on the phone with technical support for over 2 hours and during the past week he has still been unable to get on the web. I asked him to power up his laptop. I kid you not, I didn’t even touch the laptop, but as soon as it booted up it connected to the internet.
About one month ago, he was moved to a low flow oxygen system. This meant that we could start working on oral feedings. I thought for sure we'd be home within a week. He has always sucked so stupendously on his pacifier, he has woken up for feedings for months, and he queues his hunger like a champ, with much rooting and sucking on his fist.
than the eyes can see
1 bag of Pecans
The feature also includes "The Best Words," a poem from the chapbook. As she always does, Jama has beautified the feature with some wonderful pictures. Check out the picture of Humpty Dumpty's very original fan note!
I felt inspired today to take pictures of my tattoos. I've had questions before either on here or my Flickr about them/wanting to see them, so here you go!
Chipolata sausages - allow 3 - 4 sausages per person plus a few extra for the kids. These will cook around the turkey in about 45 minutes. Turn halfway through cooking.
Staff writer Julius Whigham II contributed to this story
Another source of harmful chemicals is found in the modern man’s water supplies and soft drinks. As of 2002, the CDC statistics show that almost 60% of the U.S. population receives fluoridated water through the taps in their homes. The official reason for the presence of fluoride in our tap water? It prevents tooth decay. Ok … really? Is this mildly important benefit worth the consuming of great amounts of this substance by the population? Some studies even denied the dental benefits of fluorided water.
Where the route across Texas’ Panhandle got interesting were the little towns 66 took me though, like Vega and Adrian. A few businesses during the route’s heydays still survived but there were many more dilapidated ruins of those that hadn’t.
There is no absolute answer to how long it should take to make the repairs. The only set time limit is how long the insured has to notify the insurer of the replacement-cost claim. “Couch on Insurance 3d” states that the reasonable time “turns upon the circumstances of the case and is ordinarily a question for the jury.” So, the answer is a subjective one.
Silhouette machine (or other diecut machine that can cut through fabric)
I recently stumbled across your site. The Ex South African situation can truly be called a diaspora. I am not a regular contributor on the other sites but I read the views of SAS with much interest and I have been searching for the right platform to add my little bit, so here goes. I worked in Joeys and saw all the crap going on there. Strikes, marches, the unwashed masses gaining ground. Plainly saw the hypocrisy of big business and vested interests taking hold. Saw the backbone being removed from the country. I could not swallow the NSA when it came to crunch time. It was Ok to “embrace” it and all that, but about 2 years ago, something inside me clicked. Due to large scale rationalisation in the org I worked at, it was becoming clearer to me that things were going seriously fast down the slippery slope to oblivion (or if not outright oblivion, certainly things were dumbing down to the lowest common denominator pretty quickly.) Added to that, I was 38 and I realised that I had to make a choice: Either make peace with the NSA and swallow it all. But if I stayed any longer, the window of opportunity would close on me soon, so I decided to change EVERYTHING in my life and move to the UK . Not easy, but a pretty good mid-life crisis to get going on. I think a false society is being created there in SA. Masculinity is being denigrated and is despised. The pendulum has swung too far the other way. There is no free association in SA. Man was I gatvol!
As he did what he was told.
Accessories- 1/8" circle punch, crop o dile, Scallop corner punch, dimensionals, button, Scallop border punch, Diamond glaze
B. Rebirth of The Anti-Christ (Instrumental version) (6:19)
F: Uh, living in India. Everything’s very different. I don’t really relate so much to my punk rock days. I think being a Mom is something that most women do. And it of course takes over your life, the reality of things. I mean that punk thing was a little bit of rebellion I had when I was 15 years old. You know, from 15 to 22 or whatever, I was sort of wild. It was my teenage dream. And so you know, it really doesn’t bare too much on reality, life as we know it. It was good though. I mean I think I got it out of my system at that time. And it made me very ready for Krishna Consciousness when I met a devotee. You know, I did a lot of things in a short amount of time.
So, for now, the rest of Kuelap’s secrets will have to remain untold.
I set a goal for myself, a yellow painting, I am not satisfied with either of these.
She sits cross legged on the fresh cut grass, her hands wrapped around a cherry slush-puppy. I smile at the red colour frozen temporarily upon her lips as I picture the 80's makeup that she might one day wear.
"Good. I have enough."
By then I was seeing the feeling-my-toes therapist, which turned out to be a temporary blessing. By agreeing to see her, I was released from the hospital to her care. In other words, I was court ordered to see her. I have to tell you that the legal “rights” as a mental patient is a joke. If I hadn’t had access to the resources I had at the time, I would have remained under care and stuck in a hospital that looked as if it was the film set of One Flew Over The Cockoo’s Nest. My less than 24 hours at that state hospital were horrible. The place reeked of urine. My fellow inmates resembled zombies more than human beings. We slept on plastic covered mattresses and had one thin blanket and a less-than-nothing pillow. It felt as though I had entered a land where humanity was checked at the door. If nothing else, the place served as a two-fold motivator: 1) Either you do a better job when attempting to end it, or 2) You try never to kill yourself again.
The Pink Pig is a train. Her name is Priscilla. It comes every year to Macy's at Lenox Mall in Atlanta. She has been around for over 50 years. It is housed in a 170-foot, 1950 themed Pink Pig Tent. It debuted in 1953 as a children’s ride at the downtown Rich’s and had a brief stint at the Egleston Children’s Hospital Festival of Trees. The proceeds benefit Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta. To date, Macy’s has donated more than $400,000 to Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta.
The discovery, published in the journal Science, could lead to the first drug treatments for a mysterious disorder that affects 17 million people worldwide.
I’d texted someone else completely and I’ve been bothering Etisalat for an entire day because of what is practically my own mistake.
Belding
And our most vital piece of advice is to discuss all decisions and plans with your fiance' and enjoy every moment. While the decisions may seem stressful at the time, it is how you come to the decisions together as a unit that foreshadows so much of what is to come in your marriage. And taking the time to stay present through it all makes the process that much more enjoyable. Which is probably why I was filled with tears of nostalgia and joy as I flipped through my wedding album for the first time this weekend, a month before the marking of our first anniversary together!!
Thou madest him a little lower than the angels; thou crownedst him with glory and honour, and didst set him over the works of thy hands: Thou hast put all things in subjection under his feet. For in that he put all in subjection under him, he left nothing that is not put under him. But now we see not yet all things put under him. Hebrews 2:7-8 (KJV)
Univariate – 1 and only one dependent variable
and end the night
had a little chat with sweet future-dentist, a chinese form alor setar before walking towards 2 of my former schoolmates (najee & muna). asked muna how was the flow of her session, and she was so kind to share those with us :) then came the friend who i met at the front door, seating by my side. (adeh, teringat plkn, duduk sebelah2 mcm tu, adeh nasib baik dah 'well-trained'). he went through my FIRST resume, and i looked into his. (ohh saya sangat malu, resume saya tak best ponnn =.=) i told myself, it's ok farhana, it was your first resume =.=
Of course I can’t and won’t even attempt to. And today I thought I’ll try to cook from a non-Indian’s pantry perspective. I think that’s something that GMT misses out on occasions.
All three judges praised her performance of “One Sweet Day.” Both Jennifer Lopez and Steven Tyler called the performance “beautiful.” Website DialIdol.com measured the phone voting and placed Shannon in 6th place among the 11 remaining contestants. Valrico’s Jeremy Rosado, the Tampa Bay area’s only other finalist, was eliminated last week.
I was talking to a friend today about my newest interest in blogging, and she made mention of my lengthy posts. “I see how long it is, and I just have to say “sorry”, it’s too long to read!” I realize that there are many valid reasons for why people choose to read some things and not others, and that not everyone can take the time to read a personal blog. But it got me thinking: we live in a fast food/fast fix society, and most of the time, we are not afforded the luxury of slowing down our busy schedules enough to read anything more than a headline, synopsis or summary. We want the bottom line, not the explanation.
12. Siphon
7:40 - Get up
New ultra-detailed photorealistic human models, faces and uniforms
Once again thank you for all of your kind thoughts and you will see some crafting projects here soon.
OKAY. SO. As much as I'd love to keep this secret to myself, I love you guys THAT much that I'm going to share it with you. Consider it my easter gift. If you live in Melbourne scoot your kabooses over to Victoria St. Go to the centre where Woolworths & Aldi hang out. Ride the escalator upstairs. Walk into the Japanese Daiso supermarket. Allow a few minutes of recovery after your brain implodes at the sheer awesomeness of this place. Everything is $2.80 (equivalent to 100 yen) & it is a world of fun.
But the Singapore Government maintains a net asset position with deposits in the banking system amounting to 46 per cent of GDP at the end of last year, while the Monetary Authority of Singapore’s forex reserves were equivalent to 92 per cent of GDP. The Government of Singapore Investment Corporation’s assets are known to be well over US$100 billion, or at least 40 per cent of Singapore’s GDP for last year, Moody’s said.
Riga seminar reminder. If you happen to be in Latvia later this month and are looking for a pleasant blend of education, excitement and networking, there's a neat little seminar coming up in Riga on Friday 27 April. It's called "IP Protection in the Digital Environment" and it is the brainchild of the AIPPI Latvian National Group. The seminar team consists of two members of the IPKat team (Jeremy and Annsley, both of whom have written chapters in the freshly-published Google and the Law, here), as well as 1709 Blog team blogger Eleonora Rosati. If you want to join us, check out the programme here and register here.
Honestly, I find that writing is a great form of self-therapy. I get the chance to reflect upon my own flaws & ills, I get to self-examine my own problems, and I get to learn more about myself, as a Muslim, as a Man, and as a Human.
And we’re back
The dead in Christ shall first arise
This site is dedicated to you, the customer, and educating you on why there is a lot more that goes into a cleaning service than you might think.
Walk between two arbitrary points or around a block for the next 10 minutes – note what you discover on each circuit. Walk until the streets themselves are taking you for a walk.
Pictures… my favorite! I’m just so good at uploading them!
My husband and I have a custom of standing outside and waving goodbye to our kids when they leave from any family gathering. I've been known to run down the street waving goodbye and shouting, "I love you," as their vehicles grew smaller in the distance.
Zeus and Poseidon was at a dawn of war because during winter solstice, Zeus’ symbol of power, lightning rod was stolen and he is giving Poseidon until the end of summer solstice to search for it. Or else, world war 3 will approach.
Now could we get into some detail about why this is so significant?
In his horoscope, you’ll note that Rep. Cantor was born under a YOD pattern indicating a special task, crisis, or turning point when childish tantrums just won’t do. Sun, Jupiter, and Neptune are involved in the YOD pattern.
Today’s a big day for C.A.T. … its second e-book is published today… Neptune’s Angel… and what an adventure it has been.
So, Eli got pink eye. Bummer. I get a call today around 3 telling me that I have to pick him up at daycare. Oh well. I tried to get a shot of it, but honestly it isn't that bad and I couldn't manage to get Eli to look at the camera long enough to grab a shot of it. So, here's my effort to show you all. Fail.
‘Terrible as an army with banners’,
Assignment:
If I try to walk him on a leash, he sits down and refuses to budge.
My nuwe vriend Chong antwoord toe as volg:
"Having said that," he continued, "what today's hearing was about was bringing out into public view the realities of decisions, like on Moynihan, like, for example, the Garden is now seeking public monies." (He said he'd seen documents that have not been made public.)
As I try to navigate through motherhood, one thing I had to deal with is becoming a parent after losing a parent.
Procter & Gamble has agreed to never again run an ad for its CoverGirl mascara because it used “enhanced post-production” and “photoshopping” to make eyelashes look thicker than they were in real life. P&G agreed to the ban even though it disclosed in the ad that the image was enhanced.
“I didn’t know your kind lived so far up stream.”
In an unnamed battlefield in the War on Terror, Irena is desperate to rescue her brother, captured by American soldiers, before he reveals to them what he has invented. She uses the invention to try to save him, but its effects are not predictable. The inexorable progression of the rescue attempt is both poignant and disturbing.
Preheat the oven to 200º C (180º fan) and put 8 muffin cases into a muffin tin.
a) Size 1024 x 1024 in TGA or PNG Format only.
Could his audience comprehend that? For that matter, can you? I understand that many today are much like Festus as recorded in Acts 26:24. “And as he thus spake for himself, Festus said with a loud voice, Paul, thou art beside thyself; much learning hath made thee mad.”
Has the person giving the worksop actually started a line and sold ... In your sector
Since this is the third time I've gotten otter photos, I am pleased.
Took yet another bike to the Marais to... strangely, I didn't eat or drink anything in the Marais. Parked the bike.
In a Hambulance!
I don’t know anything, really. What I do know is that my house is a mess and there are huge piles of laundry waiting to be washed and bills that need to be paid and I feel like a little girl. That’s real, and the uncertainty and fear are more real than a lot of things right now.
Er... right. Thank you.
The Amateur is a reporter’s book, buttressed by nearly 200 interviews, many of them with the insiders who know Obama best. The result is the most important political book of the year. You will never look at Barack Obama the same way again.
The reporter tried to talk the naked, mentally disturbed man. But he replied using a vulgar language. He was also mumbling something which sounded religious and making gestures which looked like he was worshiping some gods. The villagers though he had gone mad.
The nose is beautiful - can I use that adjective?͵ it deserves it!!! Both myself and Karl on the scooter agree on Vanilla essence͵ banana͵ bubblegum and malt.
In fact there are three venomous snakes here, all to be treated with respect, which of course goes for everything you happen to see.
I should be able to knock this one out of the park, since I love being out in the sun and taking photos. I think that the one of my photos that best represents this week’s challenge will surprise you though, but first, a few others that fit.
farmers markets
£1750
In all of this, it came clear to me how important the art is. I started taking lessons two years ago, and in the first year, I wasted much time. I didn't practice as much as I could have, and did not keep my class schedule steady. Took lots of breaks, skipped portions of time. I had started when I was going through a difficult period, and I did it mostly because it made me feel better. Those three-hour sessions of quiet and peace in the studio calmed and focused me like nothing else ever has. The lesssons made it possible to keep working steadily, even under terrible emotional and mental stress, and kept my life pointed forward and outward, away from myself and my unhappiness, in a way that I think nothing else could have.
This week we are the proud papas and mamas of literally over a 100 baby mealworms!!
1) Brenda called me over to the customer service desk to ask me to clean the carpets in the front entrances using a Rug Doctor. I’ve used a Rug Doctor once or twice in my day, so I told her no problem. I said, Brenda, those carpets will be so clean when I get through, you could open your recently-purchased groceries and make a sandwich on them.
Great food, a bit too much wine & champagne.
Obviously, my supporting rationalization for this purely hypothetical choice would be that since, as a confirmed carnivore, I eat lamb, I can see no reason why I shouldn't wear sheepskin. So it's lucky for my ethical sensibilities that mink, sable or chinchilla pie aren't on menus too...
FIDDLEHEADS:
I am beginning to have faith
Ok, I know you are probably saying “so”, but it is a big deal to me. In my past, I allowed an ex to convince me that a lot of my accomplishments were nothing to be proud of. He basically made me feel that I did not accomplish much because I was proud of getting myself out of bad situations rather than just doing things in the first place. So, I accepted this definition and stopped “tooting my own horn”. Because I did, I really felt I had little to be proud of until I met him. I know. I know. Believe me, I have come a long way.
I have to say, it was a lot of fun and I thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Am now available for interview gigs. Any offers? Just kidding - for now...
I sat down to do this post but first I trawled through my files of pictures from classes through the years to remind myself of which projects were done when........an hour or so later I have accomplished a great deal of "housekeeping" and have tidied up quite a lot of files. Not before time.I also had a very anxious few minutes where I thought I'd been over zealous and lost some, but all is well - phew.
For so many tiring days and nights
I merely nodded.
7. It is more non-stick than any non-stick cookware I have used. If you were keen to test this theory, you could try making crepes – I pointed out in that blog entry that I had never been able to make decent crepes until I tried it with cast iron. I never have to oil my cast iron pan to make my spectacular crepes – they just lift right off once they’re done. Unbelievable. I think it’s something to do with the more consistent heat distribution you get using such a heavy pan.
Hello Loves!
Leah Bolger and David Swanson, Reader Supported News
Even if we take it that the stupid excuse worked because every characters in Code Geass universe is dumb, remember this, Lelouch only told this excuse to the student council so what about Shirley’s non-student council’s friend?
That sounds like one of those classic job interview questions, where I'd normally fish out words like dynamic, flexible and task orientated. But seeing as how it isn't, I'll say that I want to bring openness, humour, warmth and creativity. Not that they weren't here before, but it'll be my own special recipe.
Life is not perfect. True. But we can make it perfect in our own way. Perfection is perhaps not the absence of any irregularity; rather it is about achieving an understanding about them. And happiness would have lost its lusture without the taste of sorrow. After all “our sweetest songs are those that tell of saddest thought”.
We focused our discussion later on, focusing a bit on the idea of context itself. It was pointed out that writers, like James Baldwin, were in search of their identity – be it culturally or any other aspect of identity. Ultimately, most writers focus on the personal. Sure, they play with ideas that are bigger than they are (Colonialism, Orientalism, Surrealism, Magical Realism, Society, Politics, etc.); but the ideas go down to personal experience. The best example I can think of, when it comes to myself, are my epistles. I am playing around with a lot of ideas (What makes identity, myth, culture), but most of what I am writing comes from personal experience – both of my trips to Puerto Rico and my experiences in New York (the here and now).
Pretty sure she had not a clue what the crap was going on.
Not only were James McAvoy and Michael Fassbender pleasing to look at, they were very enjoyable to watch acting. Also, I got my first look at Jennifer Lawrence's acting, in preparation for the Hunger Games next year. I now have faith that she'll do Katniss justice. I really enjoyed the storyline, and I'm really excited to see the next instalment of the series.
7 domain
One part of the book I will never forget is this, the section on gun safety:
Dear DVDs,
Let us shape the land so we can look out at it. Or we can lift our hands from it and still shape
11 Rockin' All Over The World (4:26)
Just thank god I have 120 friends to help me get through this.
VP: Audiology: Rebecca Lowe
Special guest speaker: Arizona Attorney General Tom Horne
The neck of the cavalry-man with the bullet through and through I
As the horses leap, the men is sucked in by a force in the air at the very same time the moon turns into an eclipse. The horses safely landed without them.
For the sake of mystery, I won’t tell the huge secret that shrouds Michael’s grandfather, but I will tell you that as soon as you find out, it’ll all make sense. All of it. Not a single piece of the life of Gerard Warner is up for question or a mystery. It’s nice to have it all completely wrapped up like this one was.
Joyce: It doesn't do anything. ... Oh wait, there's a dropdown thingy.
One of my new favorites to watch is The Sing Off. These people have major talent and a capella is awesome! This was my favorite performance from the first episode.
Another thing that happened today.... Elizabeth stopped by my office for something for her lips.... they were feeling a bit dry. I offered her some petroleum jelly, but she declined. So, I checked my makeup bag and found these.......
It may indeed be a Lonely Place To Die, but when loneliness looks so bloody gorgeous, company is overrated.
Here is a little story that lives in my head.
“Tell them dear, that if eyes were made for seeing,
Ah, be not too gay; Temper thy joy:
McKenna was looking at Christian's Lego magazine the other day and there was a picture of the new Legoland park in Florida. McKenna gasped and said "Is this place alive?? I really hope it's alive so we can go there." Don't worry her brother was quick to correct her and tell her that she should say "real" instead of "alive."
their food comes from. For example, a green house will be started with
The cashew cream recipe below is a great addition to so many recipes. It worked wonderfully in my chocolate matcha truffles, and also in my quince and chestnut bread pudding. Although you can probably get away with soymilk in the above recipe, I think the richness of the cashews is really important. If you want to make a lower fat version, try replacing the water with the non-dairy milk of your choice and adding about 1/4 cashews. The result will still be creamy and delicious.
I hung up the phone in tears. What a long miserable road it had been. How long had I been shoved aside by this doctors group? Oh it's you again? The one with the contractions? I just couldn't take it anymore! I didn't know what to do! I didn't want to go to an ER! I had never been to an ER!
Also, there's another reason I love dresses during the summer. I HATE SHORTS.
Macpherson’s contribution to understanding problems of race in the United Kingdom is the discovery that the police are guilty of a whole catalogue of “race” crimes. To accusations of individual acts of racism, can be added those of “unwitting racism”, “unconscious racism”, “racist stereotyping”, “institutional racism” and “collective racism”. Variations on the basic theme of racism, these accusations are unremittingly asserted throughout the Macpherson Report. They contribute to the atmosphere of hysteria during and after the inquiry and will, one suspects, create considerable long term problems for the police and the rest of British society. Racism is defined as follows:
You know how people say things hapen in 3′s well i have the perfect example , On Sunday morning my dear mother in law turned round 2 quicly whilst trying to stop my baby nephew falling off the bed and out popped her shoulder , She’s homee and settled although laid u for 6 wks
I am wearing sandals today because it's a beautiful day and I am eager to take full advantage of it! It was a bit of a process digging under the bed to find the bag with all the summer shoes in but totally worth it. Not just because the ballet flats I wore yesterday (from Topshop) gave my little toe a blister and nothing rubs it when wearing sandals!
2. Ethan beginning elementary school
She makes me smile, holds me together
The readers must think intelligently: Which of the following poses a more serious threat to the security of a nation?
from the base of your old dresser.
Yes, my May flowers are next..... they will probably arrive after the end of May.
Steve Rogers: Falling in line’s not really my style.
I told him that I have a chemical imbalance that goes for a ride when I put that liquid devil to my mouth.
Pershing Hall, a boutique hotel, restaurant and bar in the eighth arrondissement in Paris has a fabulous Patrick Blanc hanging garden as its backdrop. I have never stayed at Pershing Hall so I can't comment on the hotel but if vertical gardens and contemporary decor are your thing, then it is worth a visit. xv
After the baking, Rachel sliced some of it up, and we fried a few pieces. They were toooooooo salty! Oh my, almost inedible. Turns out, five days was much too long to let the meat soak up the cure - probably because my pieces of meat were small (because we butchered a small hog).
To help ourselves through this tough time we've been cosying up, eating simple comfort foods and I got out my long-neglected watercolours. Eldest and I painted together. The activities we are finding reassuring are the same as those that help in the depths of winter. We've been very grateful for our fire and cosy quilts in recent days.
The lovely folks at Arcadian Home Decor contacted me about doing a guest post and I was happy to oblige. Arcadian Home is one of my go-to sites for home accessories. Check out their selection of wall mirrors! Today, one of their writers Jenn is sharing some inspirational images for a terribly neglected room in my house (and probably most people's homes). Enjoy!
Anyone have any better ideas?
I was looking at one of these
For example, I like to sing karaoke or get up and give a lecture/speech/act on stage in front of a room full of people, which apparently (or maybe I’m just perpetuating the myth) is the number one fear in America, but small talk at a party with one or two new people leaves me tongue tied with fear that I might embarass myself. For me, that’s the gorilla beating his chest at Rain Forest Cafe. For someone else small talk feels completely safe, but it terrifies me.
I have been slowly starting to get back into the swing of creating and just enjoying....Trying not to take on too much so I can use more creativity rather then feeling like I am mass producing... My latest inspiration for charms are some of my favourite books or quotes from my favourite books.... Especially classics from my childhood.....
A few minutes later the phone rang. Seriously, it could not have been 20 minutes. My next door neighbours (and members of my church at Wilpshire) were on the phone. ‘Are you missing your pussy cat? He’s upstairs under our bed.’ It was such a moment of joy that I could hardly believe it! I grabbed Jess’s food and headed next door for what had to be the strangest pastoral call I ever had. By the time I got there, Jess had raced up to the attic, but hearing my voice and rattling his food bowl he came to me. I scooped him up and hugged him. As cats always are, he was vastly underwhelmed by the occasion and oblivious to the trouble he caused us.
Hey!! The sun is shining here and it feels oh so good, love these beauty spring days! Today I wanted to share a recipe for a yummy granola-esque bar that I whipped together for snack for my little man (I may have eaten one or two too…). As I’ve mentioned before, I don’t really like to buy pre-packaged foods because they are often filled with preservatives, tons of sugar, GMO oils, artificial foods & colours…the list goes on, basically a lot of crap. But I do like to have foods on hand that are convenient for snacks or on the go. Now, I don’t make EVERYTHING from scratch, wish I could but that is just not always possible so when I do, I choose very carefully. That being said, this go around I did have some time to bake and experiment! I love try out new combinations and different types of flours so that I am feeding my body a variety of foods. There are so many options out there, each one with their own yummy flavours and nutrients. We also avoid wheat products as much as possible so for that reason too, I like to mix it up!
Combine the chocolate, cocoa powder, espresso powder, water, and whiskey in a medium heatproof bowl. Place over a saucepan filled with 1 inch of gently simmering water, and stir frequently until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth. Remove from the heat.
I know this might seem like the same old- a girl freaking out about touching a boy, oohaah. But actually, this girl happens to be a ghost. Just sayin'.
And of course, I also approve of my readers slipping these "word of the day" lexemes into their everyday conversations, as a social-science experiment, to see what kinds of reactions they receive. For example, you might say "That was a very interesting flumadiddle you raised at the meeting today." Or: "I like that flumadiddle you're wearing! Where did you get it?" Please report back to me any blank look, inquiry as to your meaning, or sincere "thank you" you record.
DROPBOX will be a key player in my future integration of the iPads into my curriculums this year.
VIII. THEY SANG A HYMN
Then how about roasted oolongs? We are hoping to be able to taste some soon and to have them in stock sometime in January. Stay tuned.
We hold a Congressional Briefing every time there’s a Lobby Day to offer in-depth testimonies from a variety of people who have been effected by eating disorders. This Spring, the spotlight was on diversity, because eating disorders don’t discriminate by race, gender, orientation, cultural background, or socioeconomic status.
As we approach the 1890s, trains come to Coney Island and the character changes somewhat. Daytrippers come in, and the area will shortly be characterized by amusement parks and side shows. I don’t want to get off topic by talking too much about side shows, but it’s obviously a form of entertainment very much related to vaudeville, and indeed many of the top vaudeville entrepreneurs either got started presenting sideshow style fare in dime museums, or perpetuated a sideshow-style fare in some of their booking for vaudeville houses.
When we do begin to give praise (because it's not about no praise), we don't link the work with the the child. We might think that telling a child that they are a good drawer (an intrinsic value of themselves) is a lovely and supportive thing to say. What happens when they do an incorrect drawing? What happens when their drawing is criticised at school, at college? Or when they don't win any prize? Saying, that's a great drawing is subtle but different. Possibly more supportive, 'you really tried hard with that one', or, 'you really enjoyed that'.
“Okay. Well how long have you been, um, working for Sal?”
There is so much more that could be written here. (Un)fortunately life is too short and some stuff just beggars belief. Please send me cheese. (And cardamom, cloves, cayenne pepper, and turmeric: Ange)
After a considerable amount of head scratching with the boys at Sprocket Cycles in Digbeth, Birmingham (one of my favourite bike shops ever, by the way), we finally decided that, despite its age, this frame was actually built for 700c wheels, not the slightly larger 27″ ones I’d bought. Oh well, you live and learn, I guess.
Fiction and fantasy are certainly my things, usually the books I read are paranormal romance with vampires, werewolves or other supernatural happenings going on. Sci-fi also takes a strong lead and… any of that along with some erotica is a perfect blend. In any case, I like a read that takes me away, far away from reality. I get into the weird and the strange. Prophecy of the Guardian captivated me and held me like glue with its elements of magic, prowess, and even the darkness.
9) Decked out in green wallpaper and odd knickknacks, "an atmosphere of perpetual Christmas," the house would prove a place of great inspiration for Capote. He wrote part of 'Breakfast At Tiffany's' here. Perhaps more notably, it was here that he picked up a New York Times are read about the brutal slaying of a Kansas family. Capote set about working on what became 'In Cold Blood' the next day.
Be sure to stop by and visit each designer on the list below and leave a comment. We will be selecting one random comment among all of the blogs to win a Scor-buddy. So, the more comments you leave the better your chances of winning!
In summation, we're at interesting crossroads here for Democrats; we're scared of almost every other Republican candidate besides Mitt Romney, and yet Romney is actually the most worrisome Republican to win the primary, because he has the best shot in a fledgling economy of beating Barack Obama in the general election.
I read in a group, posting about Psoriasis about a man, who had lost his wife and child because she couldn’t bear to look at him anymore because he had it so bad. Not only was this poor guy dealing with the itching and burning of it, but now he was suffering the loss of his wife too. He was literally crying out for help! If someone had mentioned Neem to him, maybe it might have helped him. It is out on the sidelines that not many people know of it or it’s potential. Psoriasis effects relationships, marriages. People don’t get too close… just in case it’s contagious. Little realizing it isn’t which then makes the person who has feel isolated and lonely.
grilled corn on the cob
For many years the Jesuits have prevented the United States from developing additional sources of energy within its own territory. Exploiting the vast oilfields on the Alaskan north slope, that probably contain more oil than the entire middle east, is forbidden. New nuclear power plants, the safest source of electric energy ever discovered, are not permitted. There is no end to the lies people have been made to believe about Nuclear energy. The environment is used as the club to subdue the people of the country into going along with this idiocy. Modern technology is able to develop these sources of power without any damage to the environment. Needless to say, without sufficient energy, the United States will not be able to defend itself. All the papacy has to do is cut off the oil supply from the middle east.
He said, panting madly.
Please leave a comment below to be entered to win a $ 5.00 gift certificate to Amazon, I know it is not much but maybe you can buy a couple of songs to listen to while you scrap :) I love listening to my music on my phone :) Winner will be chosen using Random.org, You will have until March 19th to enter.
· Andrew Dreskin, founder and CEO, Ticketfly
I realize this is turning into a dog blog. I didn't intend that, but dogs (and cats) have kind of taken over my life during the past year.
Truth be told, I've been hungry before. REALLY hungry. For about six months back in 1998, in the midst of severe personal crises, I was lucky to get more than one meal a day. I was struggling to find enough work and didn't have enough money to cover the expenses I had. But through the kindness of other Christians, my basic needs were met. And with very trying times coming upon our country and the rest of the world right now, Christians can again be on the frontlines, meeting needs and ministering to people in the name of Christ.
Today is: Frustration day.
cooked rice
Level 9: MP Cost: 35, Duration: 90 seconds, 53% chance to not get knocked back.
…and above all
Nceba Sodo: What can we do to protect our black babies from these future oppressors and racists????
The best of luck and blessings to all my wonderful “online” and “real world” friends!
Keep it royal queenies!
Ingo Geirdal – Lead Guitar
Chiang says he wants to make sure the state won’t have to default because that could further damage the state’s credit rating.
And the balls are bouncing their way, using the baseball formula to determine luck the Reds should only be at .483 and they're at an even 500 outplaying themselves right now.
soldiers’ joys,
Winery: Barefoot Cellars
-participate in a triathlon
Willows, CA: a one horse town if ever I've seen one. And I have. Par for the course I'll dine on Mexican food as they are generally the only people who can cook when you're in the middle of nowhere California. Sacramento seems far away and exotic. San Francisco doesn't actually exist here. It's like saying you ride a unicorn. It occurs to me my name might not be very popular here. It also occurs to me I'm armed to the teeth. Hear on the radio: "Why do people think freedom of religion means we have to accept these other religions? We can't! We're Catholic!" Note to self: never get out of the boat. Absolutely goddamn right.
Will the licensed product have a broad or narrow market ?
2.Then…Mirror Image – obvious one really – needed when trying to keep four bizarre conversations going at the same time. Examples:-
Lately, I sadly decided that what I needed to start weeding out is my collection of glossies, that literally I have been storing (see: hoarding), since about my sophomore year of high school.
On Saturday night, I ate dinner at my favorite local Italian restaurant, Trattoria Spaghetto (as mentioned in my story, Donato), conveniently located on Father Demo Square. It was an exquisite evening. Strolling out and through the small park, I saw a man with an enormous telescope, welcoming all to observe and partake in the wonders of the universe for free. There were no shortage of lookers.
Until then, I'll keep popping in, just so you don't forget me.
Although I do have an image in my head of a group of leather jacket wearing ASBO wielding caterpillars going fully tooled up to watch the syncronised swimming. (It is both scary and funny what goes through my head sometimes)
So why have Renault thrown away some aero gains in this area? Probably because of the exhaust solution, As the flow under the diffuser is accelerated by the exhaust gasses passing under the floor, the diffuser does not need the effect of airflow blowing over the top. Thus they moved to the sidepod outlets to this area and played better airflow over the beam wing.
I have no idea what this represented....I swear Our Rose with her Decorating Talents
Meanwhile, a 30-year-old man was killed after the motorcycle he was riding was struck by a car on Coromandel bridge on State Highway 25, near south of Tairua, about 11:30am.
We talked for a while about boys of that age and how unpredictable they can be, how an older child can so easily lead younger ones into situations that escalate like that one did, and how all three of them now have a great story to add to their growing cache of adventures. We shook our heads and reminisced about our own early scrapes, marveling yet again that kids ever survive to adulthood at all, and it made me think about the growing trend these days of trying to protect them from more…and more and more…of the perennial dangers that always lurk in the world.
I would like to first apologize for anyone offended by my previous comments on the "Undeniable Virtue of the Oppressed," post.
Thank you so much Elaine for sharing your design secrets with us. For more, pick up a copy of Elaine’s amazing style bible, Design Rules. I promise, you are going to love it.
one love.
1/4 cup schezwan sauce
Corpus by Michael Symmons Roberts
Mind you, it looks like some of us attending Youngest's Stag Do in June may have just acquired tickets for a World Cup Game. Not an England one obviously, 'cos that would be chock full of the usual suspects and, after the England v Licheinstein game at Old Trafford, I'll never bother with attending a live England game again.
As far as sewing projects go, this one is pretty basic. If you are a beginner, this would be a great first project! I made a few changes to the pattern though.
First of all, a million heartfelt thank-yous to everyone who voted for me in round 1! I woke up at 5 am the morning the results were posted and then laid in my bed, my heart pounding, trying to tell myself to go back to sleep, trying to think about anything but Gallery Idol. But finally, after about 45 minutes, I couldn't take it anymore, so I crept downstairs and opened my computer. Went to the Paper Crafts blog, started the long scroll down, and then! Yay!!! I swear if I could hug each and every one of you, I would.
Call me!
This week I read a devotional about "being the aroma of Christ". 2 Cor 2:15 is one of my favourite passages. I want to be a pleasing fragrance to God and I'm supposed to bring that fragrance to the world. There are certain ways I must carry myself if I want to glorify God in that way. It sound like it's all about me....it's sooo not. But then again, maybe it is. Why do I get so discouraged when other members of the body of Christ behave badly and ungracious. It makes me wonder why I feel like I have to try so hard, and other people get to walk around just being...themselves? Everyone experiences disappointment, unmet expectations, and times when life just doesn't go their way. Everyone needs compassion. And none of us have a monopoly on Grace or Mercy. A friend reminded me the other day that "cynicism is from the devil". Blunt.
Are you freaking out about 50? Or how did you feel when that meter flipped? Did you make any resolutions that stuck?
Why is An Affair to Remember such a satisfying film? The casting is superb. Cary Grant is the perfect lady’s man who starts out, determined to marry a beautiful girl for her money, but still playing the field. Deborah Kerr portrays the sympathetic, but worldly wise woman who has been a rich man’s mistress. I think the reason this movie works so well, is that the characters do not lie to themselves or to each other — they admit their flaws with charm and humor. Then they are humbled by true love. They’re motivated to change, but they’re wise enough to know that they might fail, which would be heart breaking. The last half hour of the film is melodramatic, but it makes me cry every time. I want love to be a redemptive force. I want to believe that it is never too late to be a better person and to find true love.
I had some clean old baby food jars laying around so I poured in some olive oil and added in the garlic paste:
Sinagpore 556083
2 tablespoons ancho powder
Me: A: Well, being a Jehovah’s Witness, I never celebrated Christmas, so not getting presents was actually a good thing for me, because I believed that I wasn’t going to hell for celebrating a ripped-off Pagan holiday that is centred around American consumerism and greed.
I keep a key under my pillow, it’s quiet and it’s hidden
By him, or by his minions.
I can not complain. This will be a temporary set back and will make my life better when it's over. I'm sure the real adventure will be even more interesting (like putting in and taking out my contact lenses- I haven't tried that one yet), but I probably won't blog about it much---I hate having to hunt and peck! But who knows- I might! :)
the whole, were strictly foodstuff or organs for connoisseurs and
They where all sitting around the fire, in front of the C&D´s, beer and wine bottles making their round. Some of the boys had something to smoke which circulated in the round too. Sitting in the sand, watching her friends get drunk and high the Persian Princess´ mood changed: She was bored. At the moment when she decided to go inside, suddenly a known Indian came to the group. He looked at the girl, who wasn´t a virgin since last night anymore: But she doesn´t even looked back.A short smile in the face of the Persian Princess: You bloody stupid beach boy, that´s what you get now, see! The moment this thought flashes though her mind, Prince Charming sat down next to her: „You are looking a little bored.“ True she thought, but does she really feel in the mood to chat with this boy again? Whatever, maybe better than chatting with her drunk and high friends. At least Prince Charming seemed to be in a condition to talk.
Managed care has failed to substantially reduce geographic inequities in access to services which promote inclusion or employment.
Source?
Most doctors know that vaccines only give temporary immunity at best and that microbes, like B. pertussis, are constantly evolving to survive. 15, 16 That’s why five or more doses of pertussis vaccine still can’t prevent all whooping cough disease. So we will be talking about whooping cough, measles, mumps, chicken pox and lots of other infectious diseases for a long, long time in this country and in every country, whether we get vaccinated or not.
Hello, hello! How was your weekend? My birthday weekend was divine! I was smothered with love, attention, affection and food! Well, I wasn't literally smothered in food, but I ate a lot of it. And thank you for all the sweet birthday wishes...even though we're virtual stalkers of each other, it still made my day!
To explain my account
I tried these out some over the last month and love the difference in the crispiness. They have a great flavor, are not full of breading, but have a thin crisp coating on the top. They are simple to make by just throwing them in a skillet. No need to add anything. Pair them with a great side dish and you have a nice meal, especially for these "Fisherman Friday's".
Science may be on the verge of producing a limitless supply of replacement parts by regenerating damaged or aging body parts grown from our own cells.
Candy is open till the 14th Oct 2010. If you become a follower you will be first to know about more giveaways that I will be doing. This is open WORLDWIDE
Turns out I did know him. But not so well. We went to the same college eons ago. Explains why I thought he looked older.
The Boom Bike and the Band are available for booking for indoor and outdoor events. Details available at the end of this film.
Don't forget it is our fabulous Preview day on Saturday 10th December, where you can come along and see all the wonderful workshops we have lined up for you in January, February and March. We have taster workshops going all day long, and I think Our Ben is making me part with some of the 100's of samples I have made over the years. Pop HERE for more info
* Only 16 of the 27 EU nations either opted for (or were allowed into) the eurozone. It’s also becoming pretty clear that only four or at most five of that 16 were really ‘ready’ for monetary union. Even they however (thanks to French intransigence) failed to instate the necessary common disciplines to make it practicable. Those nations outside the zone are now being asked to come to its aid. Even a Government as weak as that led by David Cameron isn’t going to agree to that for much longer.
Then the rice and poha, slightly coarse.
Toddles
"Southern Alaskan glaciers are very sensitive to climate change, Sauber added. Many glaciers have shrunk or disappeared over the last 100 years. The trend, which appears to be accelerating, seems to be caused by higher temperatures and changes in precipitation." the report said.
It’s always very dangerous to say ‘ok, I’m really liberating things’. For example, these images that we have produced about this idea of continuous network of empty spaces going through the city at the same time can appear as a system of borders between isolated communities. So, I know that every image we produce can at he same time be looked at as its reversal. If you look at the history of the 20th century, you see that all utopian visions have been realized with the opposite value. The utopia of mass-society with everything mass-produced was an idea of liberation but in the end it became a tool for caging people. So in some ways I think that, as Guy Debord said, theories are made to die during time, so you always have to change your position.
I wanted to put the finishing touches on my studio today so I can finish a few projects and get into creating some art once again, but it will wait, I still very much enjoy my space for what it is, it's my haven...things can easily just melt away here, whether I'm reading an art book, writing, surfing the net or just sitting quietly...
The biggest surprise, however, was the Left Hand Goosinator Doppelbock, primarily for its versatility. This beer could handle all four cheeses adequately, but really struck a chord with the earthy notes of the cave-aged Gruyere and the smoked bacon character of the Blue de Basque. We did add another beer into the mix last minute, the Aecht Schlenkerla Ur-Marzen Rauchbier, and this was mainly to provide a divergent take on the smoked beer category. But, it didn't seem to show the same nimble and accommodating nature that the Goosinator possessed.
This assignment does not have to be overwhelming, or difficult or challenging. Remember you are not your body; you are a divine multidimensional being. Invite emotions to come and if they are less than life enhancing, transmute them. Simply replace the emotions you are skillfully shifting with higher more coherent emotions and then go on your way.
The old fuck, I thought, snarling; my conscious being a maelstrom of rage, my unconscious part busily replenishing the adrenaline levels on a second by second basis. No movement: the car sat stock still, but I sensed the seat belt being subject to some sort of play, a half-hearted tugging. The green light shone bright. Not the fucking seat belt, COME ON!!! I didn’t dare beep, knowing it would occasion a slow, slow, puzzled turning of the head.
Strange how things are turning out. John Huntsman drops out and endorses Mitt Romney, and now Rick Perry hangs up his spurs and offers his reins to Newt Gingrich! All that campaign rhetoric about "Washington Insiders" and Perry endorses the one with the most questionable honesty and integrity? I can almost hear the music starting and stopping and starting and stopping. It almost seems as if the Party favorites are all acting out in a never ending play of musical chairs designed to distract the American Citizen from choosing the only real candidate who actually believes in America.
I hesitated before posting these testimonials—many of which were posted on amazon.com and barnesandnoble.com—because I’m not comfortable tooting my own horn. But then I realized that it wasn’t about me and that if I were a fan of the book, Id like to know what other readers had to say about it.
I've missed all of you! I still don't have a new computer, but have this little laptop I bought from MJ. It's a little Apple, and I'm still learning how to use it. I hope to be blogging more consistently before long!
“Dilapidated La Guardia hasn’t aged well,” according to the report.
"Higher up on the last terrace, an obelisk flanked by two urns, interrupts the perspective. Under the obelisk lie the ashes of of the friend who showed this place to Roderick Cameron. Roderick Cameron wanted his garden to be inhabited by all those most dear to him. Unfortunately, this master landscaper has since died. 'I wanted to create a romantic garden,' he had confided to me."
The best show on Australian TV would have to be Four Corners. Often over looked because, well, it’s been on the air since the sixties, it’s an intelligent current affairs program on the ABC, and it’s Four Corners for crying out loud, it continues to deliver thought provoking journalism. While scripted Australian drama may not have offered anything worth writing home about this year, from week to week Four Corners delivered stories that were shocking, heartbreaking and easily some of the most captivating television of the year.
The truth is, we Americans love to talk. There are television and radio talk shows galore. Everybody seems to have something to say. The average American has 30 conversations a day and spends 1/5 of his life talking. In one year your conversations will fill 66 books of 800 pages a book. If you’re a man you speak an average of 20,000 words a day. If you’re a woman you speak 30,000 words a day. It’s like the guy who was asked, “Do you resent the fact that your wife always has to get the last word?” He replied, “No, I’m just glad when she finally gets to it!”
3rd CFL-2 Charlie Paxton
What men and women think of this represenation and how do they act? It is known that television is an influential means of communication and the decay of Italian television I think it is particularly relevant nowadays in the way women act and even think.
day 9 making a good impression!
Sagna came back to the squad and played extremely well. Early on in the game, he was scythed down by an overweight Frenchie. The resulting free kick by rVp hit the wall and went out for a corner.
Eric Voorhees is an active member of The Special Gathering who loves to serve others. Acquainted with hard work, he has been employed for many years at a nursing home. He is well respected by the residents there and by his employers. The Special Gathering is a ministry within the intellectually disabled community. Voorhees is a deacon and sings in our choir.
"Anew"
Well I guess I should go ahead and tell you now
But if you really want to finance your housing with an FHA 3.5% down payment mortgage, please don’t eat for an hour before entering the water. The undertow is severe!
An outfielder who throws in back of a runner is locking the barn after the horse is stolen.
We life in a time where there are guys telling their wives that they don’t want to have children because that would mean they would need to step up to provide for their families and stop acting like children themselves.
Here's a quick summary of how I made it:
carefree mind of a child
After winning the second title (3-0 against Pittsburg State; Elon had seven turnovers, but the Gorillas missed five field goals) Tolley walked away from coaching, but not from Elon, where he briefly became a fundraiser before taking a job at LabCorp (whose CEO was on the Elon board of trustees).
"Call Me Gwen-ever"
It was a very easy read – I read it in 2 sittings – and I would highly recommend that you make this one of the books you read this year!
Peach Cobbler
We were back in CHEO when my son was three years old. He had a severe case of pneumonia. Two weeks in the hospital, IV's, oxygen masks, blood work, and even more bad news... surgery, to drain fluid from his lung. I never thought I'd live through seeing my son being wheeled away to surgery. I don't know how I survived that day, but somehow, we made it through. After the surgery my son had a chest tube in him for four days. To say this was the biggest nightmare of our lives is an understatement, but again, every day I count my blessings, as again I was face-to-face with other children who were very sick and in CHEO for a much longer time. I was thankful for the care, love and attention we received from the staff at CHEO. My son made a full recovery, and is a perfectly healthy, incredibly smart, six year old.
For the passes, signs, and handshakes are but emblems here below; we’ll not need them in that Great Lodge where we one day hope to go.
And made the gables laugh.
Here is the fruits of our Summer 2011 potato bucket!! We harvested them at the end of October.
any extra leftover bones you have kicking around, optional
Who hasn’t done the before and after game? You weigh yourself before and after one or more of the following:
Then again a period; when river flows
I started with linen cardstock, it's from a Bazzil and it came from open stock and I don't know the color, should pay more attention before I cut them up......and then added the "Lavender Rosebuds" paper by Paper Pizzaz. Next is some white cardstock that I distressed with Ranger's Bundled Sage Ink and some lavender colored scrap paper, name and brand unknown, that I used a Recollection's border punch on both sides. I then took a strip of white cardstock and worked in the background colors with a sponge (Ranger's Distress Inks...Tumbled glass, Wild Honey, and more Bundled Sage) and then used some assorted grass stamps, again with the Distress Inks to get that faded look in Wild Honey, Tea Dye, and Bundled Sage. Time for the focus stamp, Solidago Sprig by Rubber Stampede. I used some Liquid Applique and made tiny dots over the dots on the flower to give it the 3D effect and colored them with Copid markers in different shades of Violet. Then matted it on a rich brown cardstock, adhered it with Dimensional tape, added some ribbon, a bow and some pearls from Studio G. Viola, a nice note card...Ooops forgot about the butterfly.....have to have a butterfly in there. I took a Medium Butterfly punch from Fiskars and used it on some scrap black cardstock, folded it in half, took a smaller Butterfly stamp from Inkadinkado, colored in the wings and cut them apart and glued them to the black, positioned it on the card and added a little antennae with a black Fine Sharpie. Sorry for boring you, but from other Blogs I think you have to get the credits in there! Will try to simplify it in the future.
Starring: Ivan Marx and Peggy Marx
Thank you for your overwhelmingly kind response to my comments last week about the challenges facing the fire service in Detroit. I have read your thoughts again and again.
1) Make your attacks count, no more sloppy crappy attacks. This is counterproductive.
A pristine burning so hard up
REAL ALE BREWING Special TBA Beer
Yay! And what a different experience...I sewed something I loved from start to finish and it fits. This must be what those really productive people feel like. Here's a full body shot, but I cut my head off in every one. Sorry, my tripod is AWOL, so I was using a chair. :)
Groups like the EDL and BNP have started to protest about these attacks. They are after all ignored by the media, politicians and courts.
"Presiding over his Funky Nation is Big Sam, formerly the trombonist for the Dirty Dozen Brass Band, who blows the funk out of his trombone and refuses to let the audience sit still. Between solos and trombone riffs, Big Sam second-lines (a uniquely New Orleans style of street-dance) and gets the crowd going both in movement and in replies to his call-and-response MC-style. A talented group of jazz-trained musicians makes up the Funky Nation, bringing with them the improv-style associated with jazz and the horn-heavy front section that's the hallmark of big band funk."
Enjoy your weekend, that Spring sun and don't forget the clocks change Saturday night. (Boo - less shut-eye on Sunday morning!) Adios!
Enjoy mushrooms in salads, soups and stir-frys. Powdered mushrooms in pill form are also very effective.
Andrew suggested we spend the afternoon lounging at home with the windows open so we could listen to the rainstorm. I was thankful he did. We napped and ignored our phones and took random photos and ate chocolate covered almonds.
ORTM continues to broadcast mostly pre-recorded programming (i.e., recorded years ago), TM2 has been completely off air since Tuesday morning, and apparently the area around the ORTM compound in Bozola has been completely sealed off by the army. I haven’t seen a journal télévisé since the “counter-coup” on Monday, only occasional “flash infos” like the one below showing Captain Sanogo visiting his troops in Kati who were wounded in the fighting this week.
I am in a clearing season. I have been proactively clearing my plate, my schedule, my days. I have been checking things off my list, eliminating activities and commitments that are not absolutely essential. I am re-prioritizing my life.
- Last week Monte Cook announced he was no longer working on the new D&D. I’d be lying if I said this takes away some of the hope I had for the new version; a lot of what I heard and liked came from Monte. But I’m staying positive, and can’t wait to see what he comes out with next.
Even in successful TV series, people cut corners to save money.
3. Potterish folk use a lot, and I mean A LOT, of stuff to do potterish things. Fetch me warm to the touch water; I need a smallish sponge; where's my work board ??? Now you might can see why I kept disappearing into the garden under the guise of 'helping Mum out .....'
Still, the general feeling is very calm and not agressive.We managed to meet up with wifey's colleagues and we walked together from McD to Nando's to wait for "further instructions". According to one of the collegues, when the time came, there would be someone who would tell us when to start moving to Dataran Merdeka. We saw Selangor Assembly speaker Datuk Teng Chang Khim ariving with an entourage.
S: The rescue is in need of supplies and hay for winter. If you would like to help feed the animals, please visit our website and sponsor one of the animals. You can virtually 'adopt/sponsor' one of the animals of your choice for a gift of $10, or more if possible (although we accept donations of any denomination....even a gift of one dollar is much appreciated!) Every cent of your gift is used towards purchasing the animals’ food, supplies and any vetting. To see the animals you can 'adopt' or sponsor, go to the "Adopt one of the Goats" or "Adopt one of the Cats" page, or just 'Feed the Dog'.
No answer, only the swish
Ten years. Not a single story, poem, script, nothing. Not even a diary entry. (Although there were a lot of lists.) But after ten years it'd had enough of being locked away in my brain, and soon my fingers itched to pick it up again.
* 1 teaspoon ground coriander
So....ugh....right? Now its sunday, and Andrew and I went shopping to buy me some dress clothes for my new job! (thinking optimistically). Monday comes and I was so nervous, I got to the place 15 minutes early and had to call andrew before I walked in so he could help calm me down. I walked in at 8:30 and in like 3 minutes it was 5pm and time for me to leave. The day was so great and went by so fast. I was so happy! Basically the boss told me that he thought I was a perfect fit, and that I would be signing papers on tuesday. SO.....yesterday I signed my life away, and.....Officially have a job! WOOHOO!!!....what it is will come later. :)
I have been in many places, but I've never been in Cahoots. Apparently, you can't go alone. You have to be in Cahoots with someone.
Fate would smile; God would grant, that I see you again.
The Citadel actually won a few more games than it lost in the seasons leading up to World War II. Of course, the competition in those not-so-organized times wasn’t always the best. In 1917, for example, The Citadel defeated the Charleston Navy Yard Machinist Mates 48-11. In 1925 the Bulldogs beat Standard Oil 46-18, and in 1932 The Citadel recorded a 42-23 victory over the Jewish Alliance. Alas, the Bulldogs’ 62-51 loss to the Savannah Ice Service in 1941 was a sign of things to come, because after the war things turned south in a hurry.
And for the tree this year . . . especially after last year's tree had been so bright and metallic . . . I wanted something really organic and natural. So this year's tree is filled with apples, pears, and lemons - with little woodland creatures and bird's nests throughout the branches. I also filled the interior of the tree with dogwood branches, bleached eucalyptus, dried gourd and mushrooms.
Oh? Wait, does that mean he's changed his mind again, already? (2 weeks???)
I had wanted to post this yesterday, on Chap Goh Meh, or the 15th day of Chinese New Year to round up the last of my CNY themed posts, but work came up and I couldn’t finish the post in time.
Sri Padmanabha Aital was a scholar of the Vedas, Vedangas, Upanishads, Dharmasastras, Purnanas, Ithihasas and so much more.
Wolfgang Hampel Founder of Betty MacDonald Fan Club and Betty MacDonald Society
Sparks- This Is The Renaissance
Issa and Cummings also sent a letter to Defense Secretary Leon Panetta requesting details of the military investigation by May 8.
When I reached the end of painting them, i had maybe three tablespoonsful of paint left over. I mixed that with a little ordinary black acrylic to get a soft gray, and hand painted their "Grammie names" on the seats. Finally, I finished everything with two coats of Minwax Polycrylic...knowing full well that these little things will get a great deal of wear (lol).
I had prepared a different essay for Ethos, about how Naval Special Warfare had changed and evolved since 2001. A few days before I submitted it, we learned of the tragedy in Afghanistan. That other essay will have to wait for another time. The loss of these fine men brought home to all of us the costs and sacrifices that our warriors and families have borne since 9-11 – and this recent painful loss is a stern reminder of the horror and tragedy of war. War is indeed about killing and dying – but it is also about heroism, patriotism, determination, brotherhood, and sacrifice. We must not forget to celebrate who these men were, and in so doing, celebrate who we are.
with power spectral density.
I’ve also been thinking that maybe it would just be easier if I accepted my size. Maybe I need to realize that I am big and that it’s not the end of the world. Maybe my focus on weight is the problem. I wonder if I just accepted myself and worked on feeling good about other aspects of my life the weight issue would recede. I am so obsessed with the weight that I can’t see the other good things in my life.
"From each according to his ability, to each according to his need" is another long-standing socialist slogan. It means what it says: that men and women will freely take part in social production to the best of their abilities and freely take from the fruits of their common labour whatever they need.
Dale, who converted to Islam 30 years ago and was also known as Ken, had worked for the ICRC and the British Red Cross in Somalia, Afghanistan and Iraq before coming to Pakistan.
In English we might say ‘environment’ but it doesn’t really say it. People make places. We carry meaning with us. We don’t leave it lying around for others to enjoy. And, for me, the point here is that we carry it with us. When Samuel Beckett wrote Mercier and Camier he was in France. It was his first post-war novel and his first in French. And yet it was set in and around Dublin. Watt was Beckett's second published novel in English and, again, largely written on the run in the south of France during the Second World War.
I have been hobbling a bit every since a humorous incident last month in which my left foot got stuck in a Wellington boot in a shoe shop and the Wellington had to be cut off me with a large pair of scissors. Before that, there had been much pulling by various people of my toes and heel with the result that the outside edge of my left heel has, ever since, been painful when I stand on it in my bare feet, though not when I wear shoes. But it has now started to occasionally be painful in shoes, too, so I guess I will have to go to my GP and maybe try to get it X-rayed. Two visits to my osteopath have not cured the problem, which he thinks is caused by problems in my toes, not my heel.
And of course I had to share a tapped tree!
The congestion is also more concentrated as commuters approach the urban core, especially in a centralized city. This makes transit a more obvious and more cost-effective solution for core commutes and less obvious for the "last mile," or ten, or fifty, to home.
“Zephyr.”
3. Never, ever despair, no matter what: “Let us eagerly draw near to Christ, and let us not despair of our salvation. For it is a trick of the devil to lead us to despair by reminding us of our past sins” (St. Makarios of Egypt, 5th century). “When someone is defeated after offering stiff resistance, he should not give up in despair. Let him take heart, encouraged by the words. . . . God raises up all who are bowed down (Psalm 145:14). Do all in your power not to fall, for the strong athlete should not fall. But if you do fall, get up again at once and continue the contest. Even if you fall a thousand times. . . . rise up again each time” (St. John of Karpathos, date unknown).
I’d forgotten that the sloped roof of the church means it doesn’t block as much sunlight as a flat-roofed building of similar footprint would.
At least until Saturday.
She didn't ingest any of them, thank goodness. But I think the fact that she could reach them means I definitely need to re-think our baby proofing. And keep my purse off the floor. That would probably help as well.
Arrears: A civil servant can sue the Government for recovery of arrears or for any other breach of the law of contract.
I might compose your life in a song, attempt your soul on piano keys, each note, each note you slowly strike the chord. You know what you’re out of key. This whole notebook is bullshit. I wonder how it’s possible, do wonder we breathe all things. Our hands attempt to breathe the impossible source of their birth not realizing the very act of rising from nothingness is what connects our finger. If you guys really want to know what love is, this is love. This cat. Maybe this will inspire you. Isn’t that romantic? Isn’t this beautiful like a rainy Parisian walk. You’re slowly walking by yourself and your heart is slowly opening to someone. Slowly slowly opening. Kind of getting in to your legs a little uncomfortable. But you know what, you’re opening up. There, your heart’s fully open and you’re filled with joy and then you know what happens it just.
Then my husband came home from work and discovered that there was even less water in the pool than he had started with. He found the rip in the liner, which went from a small hole to a HUGE hole and flooded our backyard, along with our neighbors :( The verdict - no pool this year. We'll have to replace a bunch of sand that was washed away, along with the liner, water, hoses, etc. I guess Owen and I will have to get used to going to the Blissfield Community Pool.
I purchased this headset both as a back-up and to have a headset that would be better in the car or when I am out where there might be some background noise.
I also got to eat, after almost a decade away, at the area's iconic crawfish joint, Hawk's, which is, as their t-shirts and ads proudly say, "in the middle of nowhere." It is indeed almost impossible to find, even with a Cajun in the car, and at one point we wound up driving into someone's (dry, fortunately) rice field. My friend Dickie laughed at me for sticking my camera into the food, but nine months later, I can click on the photo and remember how good those 'bugs were.
Probably the same as for any writer - dare, write, edit, refine, be persistent and be creative. And network too, apparently.
That sounds great, but the reality is that it’s not so simple. The language of science and technology is very masculine and hirearchical and unless there is a concerted effort to actively include them, women continue to get lost in the shuffle. A paragraph allows for (potential) equality, but not equity.
If it were up to me
Mette-Marit in her Diamond Daisy Tiara, Queen Sonja in her massive emeralds, and Astrid...oh, Astrid! These are her wings. (See also: horns, antennae, and feathers - which is what they're actually supposed to be.) Every time she wears this, she takes another step up on my list of royals I'd like to have a drink with. You just can't sport something like that without a great sense of humor.
Example: A player captures the enemy stronghold to win the game, having lost 4AP of troops in the process. The winner gets 24 (Loser's full army value) + 24 (Own army value) - 4 (Own losses) = 44 points. The loser gets 4 (Killed enemy elements) + 24 (Own army value) - 24 (Own losses) = 4 points.
David Bowie – David Jones
Maybe I’m harping on about it, but it hardly seems like a fitting opener to a double album from one of the biggest rock bands while at the height of their success – before anyone imagined how bad the Spaghetti Incident? could be, or how long it would take for Chinese Democracy to arrive (surely the Beijing bookies were taking bets on which one would come first – the album or actual democracy).
Sri Sri Ravi Shankar: No, there is no problem with it. You can keep the photographs of your departed parents along with the pictures of god, it is fine. If it is a sanyasi, even his picture can be placed with that of God, even when he is alive. If he is leading a grihastha (married) life, then we do not keep his photograph, such is the practice.
Dr. Rick Sasso, a spinal surgeon from Indianapolis, said he did not think that Dr. Michelson's ideas were all totally original, but that he was very adept at getting patents. "He didn't make any of those things," Dr. Sasso reportedly told the New York Times. "He didn't manufacture. He got some ideas and wrote them on a piece of paper and filed them with the patent office."
I am pleased that our selection of downloadable Dominican Rite texts and posts on the Rite have generated this kind of response. Although most of my "blog energy" recently has been dedicated to the compilation and editing of the new Antiphonal for the Liturgy of the Hours in Dominican Chant (see left side bar), I hope to do more historical and photo posts in the near future.
Geller's blog isn't the only one jumping out of their skin about Daniels right now.
Do you have any favorite sites or sources you get your coupons from? Have any questions for me? Leave a comment or send me an e-mail! Stay tuned for Step Two of this series!
So, don't forget Thursday!!!!
Girl Scout 1: big eyes fill with tears, low lip quivers But...but...
Dies & Punches: Nestabilities & Martha Stewart
This one was completely and totally inspired by Jenelle's Hello Spring! Cushion. I did not totally follow her pattern, for one thing my pillow is going to be a different finished size than hers, but I just looooved the opposing columns of flying geese and thought it might work pretty well with the Reunion fabrics. This was the first time I have used the "no waste" method of making flying geese, and thanks to Jenelle's directions and photos it was all very clear and they came together easily.
Funny how they are bringing up old bad things she supposedly did as reasons to get rid of her – reasons only brought up after this. I’ve seen such tactics used before, both in the news and in real life. :/
Siddiqui MK, Saxena MC. Placenta and milk as excretory routes of lipophilic pesticides in women. Hum Toxicol 1985 1995; 4: 249-254.
Accordingly, I have become that woman yelling shrilly at her family "what's wrong with you people WE RECYCLE get that milk carton out of the trash!!!! Have you no shame? Be a good steward of the earth!!!"
Well… The French may well find Londres a bit surprising after watching that film….
When Silko was still a child, there was a legal battle between the Laguna people and the State of New Mexico over six million acres of land wrongfully stolen from the tribe. This legal battle was formative in Silko’s budding political consciousness and later inspired her to go to law school in order to fight for the land rights of her people. However, after becoming disillusioned with the American judicial system and its ability to uphold Native sovereignty, she “decided the only way to seek justice was through the power of stories.”
So I took a big gulp, and made my own. And to my amazement...it worked! I used the auto-shapes in Microsoft Word for the shapes, and hand-embroidered the eyes, nose, & mouth. And here's what my completed monkey finger puppet looked like:
The book Winter’s Bone was optioned for high four figures or low five figures. They researched the Ozarks where they wanted to shoot and put together a photo album to get investors interested. After 25 potential investors passed on a project they got pretty far down the road with one investor before that fell through. Another financer stepped up agreeing to pay half of the budget at which point the descision was made to cut the budget in half and get the film produced.
Neither is love the physical attraction of one person to another that leads to anxiety about long-term security in the relationship. Love is not controlling a mate, it is not pitying or worrying about family or friends, it is not professional success, it is not possessions.
I had noticed before that all of your kids seemed to be named after cities...except Clayton. Is that one a city too?
Why am I not surprised that no one on the right end of the political spectrum reads my blog? I now have a new poll up, which is on the sidebar, same as before. :-)
I sometimes fantasise about a brighter, energised, joyous, fully awake me in a parallel universe. In this reality I am not a mum. I feel ALIVE. I am pursuing a fulfilling career as a therapist. I have time for exercise and spiritual pursuits like yoga, tai chi and meditation. I eat freshly prepared organic meals everyday. I travel and explore the world further than my local high street. I enjoy quality time with Younger Dad and all our friends. I can come and go as I please and stay up into the wee hours enjoying film after film or the stimulation of a page turning novel or revel in sparky conversation around a dinner lit kitchen table.
Heat a oil in a heavy sauce pan, add cinnamon, cloves and cumin seeds. when cumin sluptters add chopped onions, saute it until light golden
waiting IS the hardest part.
I was going to watch my brother play football and I couldn't.
ALL HAIL XENU!!
Taste. What would the light taste like if the tongue can feel its presence. Will it be bland? A bland whiteness. Will it be like white chocolate? Will it taste like snow? Will it taste like tomorrow?
If you would like a thinner texture you can add some almond or soy milk. Also feel free to change up the fruits and seeds to whatever your favorites are.
CUTIES.
for my glitter title i cut the word together using my slice machine out of brown card stock. i first adhered it to my layout and then covered it in a layer of dimensional glaze. then sprinkle the glaze with glitter and leave it to dry for a good 15minutes before shaking off the excess glitter. a perfect glitzy title to get you into the holiday mood...
- I know your longing
You slumped on a nearby bench, taking out some manga to read. Nobody ever dared to sit beside you. Everyone thought you were a weird girl who would never find love.
remember to watch the video by the stuyvesant high school class (asking him to attend their graduation ceremony) first, so you can see the awesome way he spoofs it…. kkk
One of the Mashco-Piro photos was taken by a bird watcher in August, Survival International said. The other two were shot by Spanish archaeologist Diego Cortijo on Nov. 16, six days before Flores was killed.
She followed it up with "Alentejo Blue" in 2006, a much quieter book than her first, set among a multi-ethnic community in a Polish small town. A significant departure from her first, widely appreciated book, "Alentejo Blue" received at best lukewarm reviews.
Opening: Jessica was a worrier. She worried about everything. She worried about losing her first tooth, and remembering her lunch money, and missing the school bus, and getting her math right.
Senta, meanwhile, grows up to be Orla Boylan - except that she doesn't. She's still living that fairy tale, her emotional world twisted into an alternative reality by the lack of emotional substance around her. She works in a factory making ships in bottles - the set (designed by Paul Brown) is magnificent, with a vast window and plenty of wood suggesting past glories for this Norwegian one-ghost suburb. Her refuge is the image of the Dutchman: her own longing, her own clinging to belief in the redemptive power of love and compassion. There's none of that in her real world. Even Erik (sung by Stuart Skelton, who is an absolute knockout of a Heldentenor) is no answer. He's a security guard at the factory and there's a hint of violence, born of frustration, in his treatment of her; this big guy doesn't know his own strength. And the other girls pick on her: she's the mildly deranged fat lump in the pink dress (Primark?) who pooh-poohs their sluttishness.
-SJ
Many years ago, before marriage and children had blessed our lives and the lives of our many friends, we created a rather large ersatz family. A dozen or more of us twenty-somethings would gather together frequently to share meals, celebrate birthdays, and, usually with the accompaniment of copious amounts of beer, mark the passage of time while enjoying each others' company.
6. Repeat steps 4 and 5 with second portion of meat, green onions and red onions. Place the watercress in the middle of the serving plate and spoon hot beef and onions on top.
But mainly, their chief sin seems to have involved the crime of inhospitality, as witnessed the account of the Sodomites demands to have sexual relations with Lots visitors, who were two angels. Once you look at this, and all the other reasons, for the Sodomites destruction, and you look at it plainly in the context of the times in which the story was being circulated, it becomes all too crystal clear.
Synopsis: Kaito Kuroba, a normal teenage student comes upon the secret about his father’s death. He realizes his father was the famous Phantom Thief 1412, and was killed by an organization for refusing to steal the Pandora Gem for them. The Pandora Gem is said to shed a tear under the full moonlight, and whomever shall drink it, shall gain immortality. Kaito Kuroba then decides to search for that Jewel to prevent the organization from retrieving it. To do so, he takes on his father’s role as Phantom Thief 1412, and becomes Phantom Thief Kid, also known as Kaito Kid and begins his search on the Pandora Gem. The Pandora Gem is said to ooze liquid “tears” during the passing of a particular comet, and when consumed, would grant immortality. Apparently, the gem glows red under the full moon and that it is a doublet: a gem hidden within a larger gem. Thus, it would have to be a relatively large one with a bizarre history, and always stored in a place that never receives moonlight. This is why he researches and steals famous priceless gems with odd histories from incredibly well-defended areas, and always returns them after the very next full moon.
Granddaddy was always playing flirtatious games with Wilma in the stores when we were shopping. He would go up to some store clerk, and say, “Do you see that gorgeous woman over there? Go tell her that she has an admirer over here.” The clerk would walk up to Wilma while we were picking out clothes and say, “See that distinguished gentleman over there with the hat and cane?” She would look over with a sly smile and say “Yes, why?” The clerk would say, “He says to tell you he thinks you are gorgeous.” Wilma would look at him, and he would tip his hat. Then Wilma would shake her head and laugh and tell the clerk that was her husband. I admire the way that they teased each other all the time.
Brothers all are we.
I really don't like hearing about what everyone thinks about movies before I go to them, I think that's part of the reason I go to midnight showings of movies that I *REALLY* want to see...
Green elements
The trick is the mess that can’t be vacuumed, dusted, or tossed in the nearest trash can. The mess of one’s truth layered with another’s lies. The mess of he said she said that ends with one begging and another bragging.
Hugs to us!
Once again... me no savvy with all things techy, but I think you should get my posts via email when I publish them.
Anyway, peaceful thoughts.
So for those of you who patiently listened to me whine about my leg for three weeks and swear that I had the beginnings of a stress fracture, I have an update. I took last week off except for the half marathon on Saturday. I cross-trained like a motha, but I did not run. Except once to the mailbox because I was excited to open it. Don't you feel that way about mail some days?
scratching at granite prisons
six eggs. Never five or seven,
This tutorial is something that I feel like sharing, just so you, the soap maker can get some ideas. This is not meant for you to copy exactly, just please use it as a guide. I will try to get as much tutorials posted to help all of you crafty soap makers. Now once again, this is for those who already have been making soap, so, I wont be giving away any formulas. I’m gonna keep it simple, SOAP MAKERS WILL UNDERSTAND;) HAPPY SOAP MAKING!!
Like all other beetles, this deathwatch beetle preserved in amber that dates back to the Eocene epoch (54 to 37 million years ago) possesses very interesting characteristics. During their larval stage, deathwatch beetles store the nutrients they need as fat tissue and use them during their adult stage, not taking on any further nutrients from the outside. These insects, which live in wood, are able to digest cellulose with the help of bacteria and fungi in their stomachs.
So much for our defence departments working together for the security of the nation. Instead we get departmental back-biting and infighting, attempting to preserve old rivalries.
I have personally been plagued with low iron stores before. As a mostly vegetarian runner (no red meat or pork and only the occasional taste of chicken, turkey, and fish), I am at risk for having my iron levels drop again. In fact, I always start to worry about my iron levels when I am mid marathon training cycle. This constant awareness caused me to stumble across this good article here about low iron levels and the impact it has on running.
And Rose, my Rose of San Annn-tone.
As is often the Ale Stars way, our guest was happy to stay back afterwards and chat to the stayers (whose numbers were thin – GABS?) until the bar emptied. It seems to be a pre-requisite that good beer brewers must be generous with their time and affable and charming all the time. Maybe there’s something in the beer ...?
Whenever you walk in a store
1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
Part Two of the tour will feature the great outdoors, so be sure to hurry back.
Make your messages relevant. Here is the most critical facet of mobile marketing. A text can be quite personal and it also interrupts someone regardless of they may be during doing. Avoid re-purposing an e-mail. Your word should be short and intensely strongly related to the crowd which team you are sending them over to. visitas web
These are just a select few of the many amazing speakers Now Training highly recommends; to discuss your specific requirements or to find out more call Tony Meyer on 01920 460211 or email: tonym@nowtraining.co.uk
5. Remove the pattern and iron the appliqué in place on the front of the house. Do this for the window, door, and house number, using the pattern as a guide for placement. DO NOT decorate your house below the line marked on the pattern, and remember to keep the iron away from any heat-sensitive trims!
This blog will be about the things that i like and do not like i will review things like games videos music and famous people hope you like it
For the days to be long,
The holidays were spent hosting lots of family, drinking lots of egg nog and consuming lots of xmas cookies. Oh and in the middle of all that my sister introduced me to a little show called Portlandia – OBSESSED.
Spilling shit from greasy oil tankers,
I’m not usually someone who’s interested in monasteries. Don’t get me wrong, I’m no philistine; I don’t mind strolling around a church or cathedral for ten minutes admiring the architecture. I don’t get all dewy-eyed at the model crucifix, but I can still appreciate the skill and effort (and hard labour) it takes to conceive and build such a structure.
Instead of using a Christmas card though, I used a Halloween one. Not because Halloween is my favorite holiday, but because I already had this card half done!! I had this simple A2 size card already:
Oh I have definitely enjoyed my first day of 'holiday mode' in HK which was spent eating Vietnamese with a friend and then mooching around the shops with my aunt. It's definitely been nice to experience working in HK and while I expressed my desire to stay a little longer in my last post...it's something that is certainly do-able in the future but not right now. High on my list of things to do when I move back home is to find a job in London and move there pronto. I suppose I'm lucky that I get to come back to HK often and I know the next time I'll be back will probably be with my parents and sisters in tow, maybe in a year or two! But let's not jump ahead too much, I still have a few weeks which means lots of lunches, meet ups and shopping with friends and family. Excellent.
So, what do you think?
Technical – I first rendered out the girl and added her to the picture to add more emphasis. Added Hue + Saturation. Added bubble stock to add effect to sig. Blurred render again and smudged the sides to blend more. Added wings and fiddled with blending options. Added text.
The format of this book makes it easy to read and find just what you’re looking for, bypassing what doesn’t apply to your current skin issue. You’ll find 77 rules for skin care, including:
I then organized all the digital files on my external hard drive. By year, then month then event. It feels good knowing one of the things that is so very, very important to me is nice and organized now.
I am not sure
Ten minutes isn’t much time when you have to cover more distance than several football fields, especially when you take into account the extra padding around the middle.
Shipping is not included in prices. I ship only within the US.
In many cases, even in Ethiopia, with over 80% of the population living in rural areas, it is not mere financial stress or lengthy distance from a health clinic that prohibits women from attending. The care provided in clinics and hospitals is often so far divorced from the type of aid that women want that there is no incentive to attend unless a dire health emergency occurs, and all other options have been exhausted.
"YEARS after it shut, an Eltham site is still awaiting redevelopment while residents complain rats and flooding are causing a health hazard.
To fill empty nights and empty filled cups
Many of you aren’t.
“Quickly, I have a small car over here…” The two of them run down the Alley, until they come to the girls little white Car, and they both get in…
It was hard being a gypsy at the best of times Jessenia knew that, but this was worse. Her family had come from Romania long ago and had put up with many taunts and suspicions from an old world that should have understood to a new world that didn’t want to understand. A world they had refused to accept. Their world had consisted of their colorful caravan and travelling but not anymore. The authorities had stepped in and told them ‘to move on or settle down like normal people.’ Normal people she wondered what were they. She had always thought she was normal.
The Chicago gang brought a gun to the fight, and the Romney brigade shot them in the face with a cannon. Tee hee hee…
10:23 PM – The Funkasaurus is in the house! Please, call my Momma!
After 8 months of living abroad, exploring 6 countries, almost 8,000 pictures, over 8,200 blog hits, countless amazing memories and experiences, and learning so many things about myself along this journey, I am now focusing on settling into my Canadian life and figuring out what I want my future to look like.
Morrow outlines three resources for the process of spiritual formation. Here is a summary of his discussion and the relevant scriptural passages he cites in support.
I think I've missed at least two if not three WIP Wednesdays. The last couple of weeks at Chez Sunshine, I've been concentrating on the two swaps I'm in.
E. Essential start to your day: Emmett snuggles
The reason for yesterday's trip to the Met was to see the Alexander McQueen exhibit but the line was 2.5 hours long . . . not worth it with the kids. But it's worth it to me! I already have a babysitter lined up so I can see the exhibit before it closes on Friday. I can't wait!
at the foot of towering trees,
4 teams in Tulsa, Oklahoma City, Des Moines and Northwest Arkansas .
I have been considering this post for a bit. What makes a friend? I have mulled this over for a few weeks now. Some of my friends are rather new, and many, many are quite old ( as in I have been friends with them for many years, not age-related). Some friends to me are inanimate objects, for instance, these fall mornings as I step outside to do chores, it is still dark. But I look into the sky and see my friend Orion gazing out into the heavens from his kneeling vantage point. He is friendly to me because he is always there, unchanging, I can count on him being there for me to see. I have been looking a lot into the heavens, learning the constellations and the stars that they are comprised of. Betelgeuse is one of the stars in the Orion constellation, I like this star solely because of its name. Pronounced "beetlejuice", this star reminds me of the movie starring Micheal Keaton, and I really enjoyed that movie! Another star in the Orion constellation is Bellatrix, and for those Harry P fans, we know who she is certainly along with her cousins Sirius and Regulus ( both are also heavenly bodies seen in the autumn skies here in Minnesota). I never was able to make a connection with J.K. Rowling for how she chose the names of her characters, I think she too, looked into the heavens and was inspired. Without doing any homework on this, I can only speculate, but the names ARE there. My friends, the stars.
You are my eternity eternally love
She walks alone, the town is bare
Hear a song that echoes cheerly
What you’ve seemed to overlook is that it is also a matter of public interest that we use all means available - lawfully and responsibly - to help protect the American people from the deadly threats of terrorists. I am deeply disappointed in the New York Times.
Erase you
To help create a clear picture of exactly what your subscribers want from your email campaign, try adding a survey to one (or several) of your upcoming newsletters. Use these tips to make sure you’re getting the most from your questionnaire.
Happy Summers to All(Honestly I hate summers but after all its a season so trying to enjoy it)
S: I have a minidisc recorder, and I like to make sounds longer and reverse them. I also lived in Sweden from two to nine years old. This was before the internet, so I used to record tapes and send them to my grandparents back in Iceland. Like, “Hello, Grandma. I’m playing!” Now I’ve put a lot of those tapes on CD. I used a clip from them at the beginning of the first song, “Good Morning Scarecrow.” My mom is asking me to sing and I’m saying “Nei, ég get ekki sungid!” (No, I can’t sing!) and then I count the song off “einn, tveir, thrír…” (one, two, three…).
There were three others guys from a cleaning crew. One must have said something because the four stopped. spoke to him and stayed near him even when the cleaning guy backed up.
The Colorado Water Conservation Board’s mission today is the same as when written in 1937; 75 years later the CWCB mission statement is: Conserve, develop, protect and manage Colorado’s water for present and future generations.
I went back to rooting for Cucumber in the tournaments he had left. I barely paid attention to the In The Groove tournament going, and mainly rooted for him with the Dance Dance Revolution Extreme Doubles tournament. That was a hilariously awesome tournament with so many close matches. There ended up being a lot of AAAs (meaning got everything absolutely perfect), and a few upsets. Okay, actually it's kind of hard to describe what the hell happened without being boring, so let's just say Cucumber won that!
Finally, if christ loves his church so much, then where is he? Is he answering your prayers? Is he showing up to prevent natural disasters, starvation and other horrific ordeals humans have to endure? No? They why do you love him. God sounds like an abusive spouse. Maybe you should consider a divorce. Or at least choose to follow an organization that does not claim to focus on the family, but only spread lies, misinformation and deceit.
“Old Girl, Old Boy” is brilliantly disconcerting, and, admittedly, will take a few more listens before I really get what might be going on. Spending more time with this album may or may not be a good thing, though, because those big jungle birds sound really fucking creepy.
Another positive these days is that using sulfur to treat acne has been made even easier because it is readily available over the counter. One does not have to get to the doctor for a prescription. The other good news is that sulfur has been proven to be reasonably safe to use on the skin without the concern of any long-term damages or even short-term excessive redness. This can be of great consolation to the teenager dealing with the acne problem who would prefer that the rest of the world wasn't focused on them all the time and what it is they are doing to their face.
I've written about Elisabeth Sanxay Holding's special brand of suspense and crime that features menace in the suburbs before. I've talked about how Charlotte Armstrong and Margaret Millar built upon her legacy. Now I have discovered one more talented and unsung woman mystery writer who belongs in their company -- Mildred Davis. Davis sure knows how to put the mystery back in the mystery novel. The opening chapters of The Room Upstairs (1948) are filled with so many questions you can't help but keep turning the pages. Anthony Boucher wrote in his San Francisco Chronicle review: " If there had never been a 'novel of suspense' before, the phrase would have had to be coined to describe this story." A better capsule blurb was never truer.
“Well yeah,” I say. All of a sudden I feel like I’ve walked slam into a MOMENT…like the ones that used to come in frequent and ferocious waves when the kids were babies. When ‘firsts’ crashed on top of each other at such a pace that it was hard to keep the shutter snapping fast enough to capture them all.
Hoppin' Frog B.O.R.I.S. the Crusher
We’re seeking a diversity of perspectives and topics. A few questions we pose as food for thought:
When we lift ourselves from the habitual mind, we create new neural pathways into unchartered territory. Those new neural pathways that come from our Conscious Creative Self are so much brighter and truer, and they feel so good. What new pathways are you making in your mind and heart today?
staying inside and watching the rain from the balcony
One of the causes of the breakdown of presidential systems is the opposition between legislature and executive: both the president and the majority in the legislature have democratic legitimacy since they are both directly elected. That’s not a problem when both are of the same political family, but when they are not, it’s a recipe for stalemate at best and breakdown at worst.
Yes, but let's call it a button instead of a blinkie. :) It's a miniature version of the picture at the beginning of this post. I did not make one that blinks. It is a "stand alone" button. You will find it in the sidebar of my blog and below this paragraph. Right-click and save it to your computer to add to your blog. I also ask that you link it back to this post or my blog. Feel free to add it to message board signatures too. I hope you like it.
7) Unbinding the Feet: Women in Ministry In hindering some women from the fullness of their callings, we hinder the entire Body of Christ as well.
Yes, knee walking. As in she speeds around with arms swinging at her sides like a wind up doll pounding the pavement with her knees! They get red and a little sore but she doesn’t mind. Maybe she just enjoys all the attention that she gets by passersby? Maybe it’s her kind way of saving us the dilemma of finding shoes that fit her size 1 feet if she was properly walking?!
‘Singing with the Ood.’ The Doctor flung himself across the console, yanked on a long chain, and skidded to a halt in front of a TV screen that dropped out of the ceiling. ‘There,’ he announced, waving one hand at the grainy image. Amy seemed to be shouting something, but there was no sound. The Doctor leaned in a bit closer, screwed up his eyes, and mouthed something back.
And accepted and valued too.
tad viṣṇoḥ paramaṁ padaṁ sadā
Here’s the deal. Not all mobile phones are smart phones, so the entire infographic is misleading. I’m a marketer, so I’m pretty sure this was intentional, too.
You all know I'm a great fan of history, and I have a habit of drilling down to the details with Google. There's a lot more to this Baltimore and Drum Point Railroad. Here's a starting point of interest:
I will be back on soon to share more pictures, updates and stories about what its like staying here at Walter Reed.
I can't remember where, but I read recently about using monochrome photos to judge the balance of values in the blocks. Here is my first draft layout:
I have only been trying to get back to a card show for the last 3 months. One thing after another would get in my way, from real life to illness to a host of other crap. But today, I would not be deterred, even if I had to detour because of a 5k run going on. Pulled in, dropped my admission and scanned the tables. The last real show I attended was during the Clinton administration. Yes - that long ago. It was fun to be back, gazing at the tables and finding what I have been jonezing for since I got back to blogging - dime boxes. Well, no dime boxes to be found, but there were quarter boxes and vintage 3 for a buck. Let's see what was to be found from my searches....
Well, he was.
What You Should Know About an HDMI Splitter
* Receptionist
The accelerator mass spectrometer generates a beam of carbon from the sample and passes it through a powerful magnet, which functions like a prism. "What emerges from it are three beams, one each of the three carbon isotopes," said Hodgins. "The lightest carbon beam, carbon-12, bends the most, and then carbon-13 bends slightly less and carbon-14 bends slightly less than that."
Working out the circulation of a newspaper is straightforward – find out how many copies have been printed, then take away the number returned unsold by newsagents.
Rachel H.- $25 Coupon Envy from Coupon Friendly
3And cried with a loud voice, as when a lion roareth: and when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their voices.
But printed books – or at least those printed well – offer a greater spirituality to them beyond the information being conveyed. Books show the outside world what maketh the man or woman. Books can be admired from without as well as within. Books have cultural value. Whether it’s the original copy of the Luttrell Psalter or Lady Chatterley’s Lover in paperback.
till someone took the lid off -
- Thick balsamic vinegar
Ribbons
Buying: New books, pancakes for breakfast and chocolate frappucinos
The female body is complicated and mysterious, and this is especially true when it comes to sex and orgasm. Many women don’t understand their anatomy or sexual response, so it’s no surprise that men are even more baffled about what makes a woman tick sexually. And, thanks to myths and urban legends, misinformation only further complicates a man’s understanding of the female body.
I came back a different way from Ripon because I suddenly remembered something about this time of the year. In one of the villages my different route passes through, there is a row of bungalows for the elderly and each year the front gardens are a delight.
Agree with this one! Angel Locsin is prettier, regardless of skin color. Her features are waaaay softer than Anne Curtis’ and she looks younger. And OPKORS, compare Anne to Jasmine Curtis-Smith, Jasmine is prettier. Dapat si Jasmine ang mag-artista, because she’s not clown-y unlike her ate.
hearts
Does it seem that our society has made a gentleman’s agreement in regards to “stuff” that we should know? And the means in which this information is delivered is based on facts not knowledge: “You should eat a LvL 5 Vegan diet to run faster.” Why? “Well, it helped me so why would it not help you?” I don’t know? “Well Nickleback is the best band ever!” OK,please explain why that is so?
And for my inaugural post, a quick Q&A with myself.
On the back side I decided to just do a solid and went for a sort of ombre effect. After I sew the button back on, I'll take some pictures of the backside.
It is for me to judge only the ACTIONS, BEHAVIOR of others in the light of what I KNOW. (Or think I know!)
This debate is contemporary Metaphysics, the branch of philosophy that examines the nature of reality. It includes the relationship between mind and matter, essence and attribute and fact and value. Metaphysics is the philosophical study of being and knowing. What is real, what is illusion; what is actually happening and what are political myths.
“Don’t be doing me any favors, now,” he says.
So, I give you this year's "April Showers Bring May Flowers" tin
by the balls for our beloved.
b. Star Wars
Christopher S. Epps, 29, New York, N.Y.
“Le podemos ayudar? Can we help you?”
454110 Electronic shopping & mail-order houses
Here are a few examples:
Take for example, the Protection of Women from Domestic Violence Act (PWDVA), 2005. This law in essence, begins with the definition that its a law meant for women to be aggrieved person and not men.
So now rock and roll wildman Ted Nugent is finding himself being looked at for allegedly making a threat against Richard Milhous Obama, according to this liberal rag New York Magazine.
Carol Plumbly, a local kennel assistant, said: “It appears Liliana’s having a phantom pregnancy and her body’s acting as if she’s given birth. For a domestic dog, it’s very rare.”
mix this paste with butter and keep aside until needed.
Laurel was wise enough to know that, whatever this movie was, it was probably something we didn't want to be caught watching if her parents or little sister came down the stairs, so despite my objections, the channel was changed for good. I guess it wouldn't be a cult classic if everyone wanted to watch it.
As much as the elite would like to claim that we are Indians first before we are Dalits or Kshatriyas, some facts stand out starkly. The first Dalit Bharat Ratna was bestowed on Babasaheb Ambedkar as late as 1990, only under V.P.Singh’s Rashtriya Morcha government which rode to power on twin prongs of anti-Congressism and caste-identity politics. What is clear is that if the backward castes have to wait for the recognition of their heroes as heroes of India, they would be waiting a long time. Since 1990, no other backward caste icon has been deemed a ‘ratna’ enough for Bharat. Such a myth of unity backed by a scheme of inclusiveness which is more like an inverted pyramid is clearly unstable. Sooner or later, someone had to walk out and make their own pyramid – Mayawati in her political astuteness is doing just that.
‘‘(i) a cybersecurity purpose; or
CHICKEN SOUP (serves about 8 – depending on how hungry they are)
The sky and all's unpeopled, so I mark time,
Our lives will reflect God. And the world needs the light and love of God.
I'd never been to Texas before, and no doubt my idea of the place was fairly similar to many another Englishwoman who has never visited. Cowboy hats and boots, tumbleweed, twangy accents and cattle. Of course I knew that there were cities in Texas, and skyscrapers, freeways and shopping malls, but I'm a child of the fifties, and was brought up on Dick West and the Lone Ranger. So of course I looked for signs of cowboys. They were easy enough to find. And along with the whites, in cowboy hats or not, there were of course Blacks, Hispanics, Chinese, the whole rainbow of peoples that makes a place vibrant.
10. make Vicky Belo do something to my skin.
Who got an iPhone for her birthday JUST so she can keep up with her fundraising? This sister.
But God, after destroying humanity just a couple of generations ago, had said:
Although before we get there, I do have to ask a few questions that are already bothering me about this particular prompt.
“And you’re no better!” Mel said, his nose twitching, “You say that I got no guts? Well, just you remember what happened when they came!”
What is my plan you may ask? Run, run and run some more, I’m half joking. I’ve decided to go it alone, no group, no coaching, just me, my motivation and my iPod. This may work out well, it may be my downfall, only time will tell. I decided to not sign up for one of the many running clinics that are around for several reasons, first, I just didn’t want to spend the money (this was money I could be spending on other things, like *cough* lulu *cough*) and secondly, I’m not a big fan of being tied down and committed to having to be a certain place two or three times a week at a time that doesn’t necessarily work for me.
The number of pubs, on the other hand, has fallen year after year since 2007, when the smoking ban came in. Nobody—other than the terminally self-deluded—disputes that there has been a massive and unprecedented fall in the number of pub since 2007. It has been one of the most thoroughly reported business stories of the last few years. People have come up with alternative explanations for why the pub industry has crashed but only ASH deny that there has been a crash at all.
That's been my week so far, how's your week going?
As the leading supplier associated with VDR solutions, Merrill DataSite has empowered nearly Two million unique people to perform electronic due diligence on thousands of deal totaling billions associated with bucks within asset worth. Merrill DataSite VDR answer has become an important device in an effective as well as legally defensible procedure for finishing several types of financial dealings.
Then assemble the whole thing in one big bowl - butternut squash puree first, then chunks of chicken, then leeks, then gravy.
Beans on toast, cuddles and Sky Sports News, before we knew it it was time to pick him up again, which Alfie was fine with. Toddled home together in consistent strong winds and no sunny spells, filling in the details of letter sounds of the week, snacks and stories.
When we got to the plantation we were treated to a small cup of punch, then boarded a jitney (tractor pulled wagon) for our tour. Every couple of minutes the driver stopped and told us about the plants we saw. He was assisted by two other men, who jumped on the jitney when it was moving. I happened to be sitting in the middle of the wagon right next to one of the assistants, who pointed out things to me as we drove by. This working plantation grew a wide variety of plants: bananas, coconut, plantains, sugar cane, pineapple, cocoa beans, guava, limes, and allspice.
Phase I – November 2011 (29 days) – Minimum Viable Product (MVP) Development focus
The complete statewide schedule for iBudget Florida implementation is as follows:
I have a journal in which I write down thoughts and ideas for my writing. Right now they are almost entirely concerned with my work in progress named Wavering Libations. I think this would be a great place to post some of the more potent pieces from the journal.
Pegram UMC (477 Thompson Road)
What do they say about the best plans... sometimes they take a little detour, right? Well, I'm officially on the Detour Turnpike and loving it!
Cardstock: Textured Orchid Opulence; Textured Pretty in Pink; Perfect Plum; Certainly Celery
to live at home. That helped me get to the emotional core of Joy’s story, her breaking point.
and since this photo is a 'fall' photo, I went straight to the 'Hello Fall'
So I’ll be here…there…everywhere.
Thursday (1.27.2011) - Cooking Ventures' Easy Stromboli & salad
Before I was an intern, I had read that something like 90% of authors disqualified themselves without us even reading their query. I felt for sure that all those previous query-reading interns must have been wrong. I was going to blaze in there and find all these fab books and spend my time happily reading future bestsellers.
Le Petit Prince Farmhouse Table Beer (Draught)
Along the first miles of the course, the only people are a few bystanders at the mountainside cabins and a couple musical acts — a high school pep band and a lounge act. Down the road, the course opens up to a mostly flat, straight highway plateau toward the Pacific Ocean. Here, the only audience is a couple herds of cows.
The HSBC index is weighted towards export-dependent small- and medium-sized manufacturers, and usually shows a lower number than the official PMI, which better reflects the activity at large companies. The April number suggests that the increased bank lending that the central bank has allowed over the past month or so, even for small companies, is having some effect on moderating the slowdown in growth. The contraction in new orders is slowing and exports orders increase to a three-months high reflecting the modest recovery being seen in the U.S. Even though the latest PMI figure will helping to ease concerns of a sharp slowdown in growth, we expect the central bank to remain measured about further easing of both monetary and fiscal fronts.
56. The Higher State-Freakout At The Gallery (13 OClock)
I am starting to think some people believe I wrote this intending it to be read by children. I did not. That would be sad and scary.
Whose smile
Then, seemingly out of the blue, Katie gets a mysterious job offer from Magic, Spells and Illusions, Inc. – a company that sells charms, spells and tricks of the trade to wizards and others in the magic community. To them, Katie’s ordinariness is an asset. Lacking any bit of magic, she can easily spot a fake spell, catch hidden clauses in customers’ contracts or detect magically disguised intruders. Suddenly, average Katie is very special, indeed, and her life is anything but normal.
In addition to moving often as an adult, I also moved
We slow down to the end of our trip with the final two tracks. “Lilacs from Canada” by Rhubarb Whiskey and “The Last Waltz” by The Magnificent Seven match the pace back to the album’s earlier slower rhythms, with the “Waltz” track being among the best of the slower songs on the compilation. Closing out the journey is Toy Box Trio with their usual ephemeral toy piano tones to bring this strange voyage to a close.
Resources are just too limited!
It’s much awaited news as a fan. By the way, what does ‘waiting for a song’ mean?
but later on, p’Mario’s friend ends up liking n’Fern and n’Fern agrees to go out with him, but she doesn’t really like him. also, she ends up breaking up with him. from this, the friend tells p’Mario to not go out with n’Fern, and he agrees that he won’t go out with her. so in a way, he kind of starts ignoring her. but during the time she was going out with p’Mario’s friend, she has moved up on the popularity status, and in doing so, she has left her group of friends and began hanging out with his, and at this point, her friends are hurt, and even end up ignoring her. but later on they accept one another, after they resolve it somehow.
However, even during this self-imposed sports blackout, I remained committedly interested in college football. College football is so much fun to watch, because the teams are forever changing, and a team that is good one year/multiple years/decade, will flounder in ensuing years, due to poor recruiting, sanctions, etc. The action is slower and less polished than pro football; but because they're playing for either the simple love of the game, or because they're trying desperately to get onto a pro roster, the players are much more invested than the pro athletes seem to be.
First of all, any scene serious enough to warrant crime scene tape will have one officer there to record who enters the scene and who leaves, and when. That is their entire job. They can’t perform other duties and be absolutely sure about personnel going back and forth at the same time. Also officers will be stationed, one in front, one in back (at a minimum) to make sure no unauthorized person enters the scene. Otherwise an attorney will say someone snuck into the scene and planted the evidence that implicates their innocent client. If you are that client, you want that scene secured. In other words, once we leave we cannot come back, so these officers will remain there until we have done everything we think might possibly need to be done, which could be hours to days. The PIO may be gathering information to give to the press. The traffic homicide investigator willl be noting skid marks and taking measurements. Then you have people like me, who spend a lot of time walking out to my vehicle and back to get various pieces of equipment as I need them. I may be waiting for a co-worker to finish videotaping before I go inside to photograph, during which time they will wait outside for me. I may be waiting for a co-worker to bring some unforeseen piece of equipment from the station. We could all be waiting for a search warrant, which, though detectives will tell you they’ll have it in twenty minutes, always takes several hours. We also have to wait for the Medical Examiner’s Office investigator to arrive before we can touch or move the body. The crime scene is our jurisdiction, the body is theirs, and they cover three counties, so if they’re having a busy day we have to work around their schedule, almost always an hour or more. Higher-ups may arrive in order to do what they should do: get their butts out into the field to see what their subordinates are doing. Almost always they are disciplined enough not to enter the scene if it is not necessary, so they will be standing out by the road. Yes, some may be those who simply wanted to get out of the office or those who feel the need to stick their nose in to everything, but believe it or not, that’s fairly rare.
Occasion: Reading aloud to your mom on Mother’s Day (as you try to hold back a few tears).
Q: Which character from the series is your favorite?
The northern end of Sugley Dene is dominated by spectacular beech trees towering above the footpaths and the stream, Sugley Burn. Their impressive canopy shades out sunlight from the woodland floor and bare earth banks are common here. The southern end of the Dene, by contrast has oak, ash and hazel trees allowing the light through to plants including native bluebell, wild garlic and lesser celandine.
in birdsong
Anyway, enough rant. Maybe I'll drop my GQ disappointment post soon. Who knows.
My children believe that the more sprinkles, the better. And for Isaac, the more GREEN sprinkles, the better (green is his favorite color!)
His foreleg that is in back, I added W3 to dull it down and make it less intense. This helps with the illusion of depth. I colored his teeth with W3 and his tongue with E04.
I am definitely doing this, just need to wait until I get Kaylicious and Zazu's gifts all wrapped and under the tree, so I can snap a photo! They're going to love it! I will post our photo here once it's done!
So people, if you’ve learned anything from this long rambly blog today, here are some highlights to take with you:
The Anchorage Police Department has a few new officers on the street, but they’re not the human kind: After graduating from the academy last year, the newest members of the department’s K-9 Unit were introduced to the public Saturday during the annual “Dollars for Dogs” meet-and-greet.
Fewer than half think themselves Muslims first and Americans second, compared to 81 per cent in Britain. Yet America is, by any measurable standards, far more “Islamophobic” than Britain, with far more public criticism and mockery of that religion. In place of the American Dream, Britain has the European Nightmare, a welfare system that disincentives assimilation and breeds resentment.
Like my nerd bone.
- The blockbuster comedy ‘Praybeyt Benjamin.’ I want a refund.
Level 16: MP Cost: 33, Damage: 376%, Attacks up to 6 enemies.
I wasn’t, and I didn’t. I had two young children. I worked from home. I rarely socialised. My idea of a day out was doing the big shop in Tesco.
Whilst on the subject of empire and colonialism, I have a quick question for the liberal/left: Why is it considered racist to colonise other people’s countries, but also racist to resist the colonisation of one’s own country? If this question can be answered without mentioning self-hatred, anti-white/English hatred or treason, I would love to hear your polite and well argued thoughts…
Q: Tell us about your biggest rock star moment, perhaps it's a moment of real success in your career, a time when you met someone super cool and had that Wayne's World "I'm not worthy" moment, or just a time where you felt like you got the rock star treatment. I get a huge variety of answers for the questions, so it's pretty much whatever "rock star moment" means to you!
I’ve finally started getting my pipes in. What’s this got to do with growing veg you ask? Well over the past few months I’ve been planning to have a go at growing some prize winning veg on a very small scale concentrating on a few carrots and parsnips (the long carrot experiment part II, some of you will remember my pathetic effort last year!).
Playwright’s Note:
Old Fashioned
If you smile through your fear and sorrow
HAMUUL: Thanks for making light of things being burned alive, by the way. That was thoughtful.
“We are scrutinising the applications so that the doctor’s specialisation can be suitably utilised,” an official said. The delay in doing this has led to several students writing to the DMER that they have not got any response to their applications. Shingare said he has got more than 30 such letters and will write to the health department to start filling the vacancies. “The DMER has in fact listed 400 vacancies at Employees State Insurance Corporation hospitals.”
it leads me a step closer to who you really are.
pen and diagram in his hands, a smoking volcano,
Or....
Then something happens in the place that I crawl to beside him. This place that he carefully carved with his arms where my body feels the weight of his protection and the comfort of his love. He speaks to me and shows me his mercies. He begins to cut away that fruit, cut down the branches and uproot that bitter plant that grew so deep.
Artist management – The differences to watch for between artist management and artist development – LW Music Consulting YouTube Video –
The big grey rat laughed long and loud until his gaunt grey sides were shaking. "Why, you talk just as if you thought you had a chance to win the race," he said, when he could speak.
So when the day came Debbie couldn’t eat much and was feeling extremely nauseas, not being able to keep down a cake or a mug of milky coffee she instinctively knew something wasn’t right and demanded … “fix me, take me to hospital, and make me better”. From then on, once the diagnosis of Stomach Cancer was given, we made sure Debs enjoyed every day, we didn’t care what she ate or didn’t, mum and dad were her carers, 24/7, and Debs got 100% attention. We (Jane and I), her two sisters, took her out clothes shopping to Macclesfield, we spent most of the day there, had lunch in the car to let Debs recharge her batteries and then we went back in to the town and spent more money, on more clothes, just the way Debs liked it.
For now, the parties have retreated to their formal stated positions. But if the peace process moves forward, they may become more flexible on governance structure. A member of the task-force told The Hindu, “We know a mixed system is a bad compromise. But it is at least a compromise. This is what the present balance of power dictates.”
Make sure to play along with the current SFYTT challenge if you haven’t already!
Whatever, I continue my story. As a kid of perhaps 7 or 8 years of age, I came in contact with religion for real. I and the other kids in my village, often visited “Childrens hour” run by a Christian organization within the Church of Sweden (Protestant Lutheran) on Saturdays. They welcomed groups of children in the old mission house in my village. The gatherings was a mixture of a Christian Bible school and a scouting group. They used to have Bibel studies with us kids, ranging up to around age 12. I have heard that they even had a study on Sodom and Gomorrah! I don’t think that was a proper subject for such young listeners! I don’t remember this myself, but a childhood friend reminded me some years ago of this event. By the age of 10, I think, I became aware of another “gift” in my life; when I had a thrilling, happy sensation when I saw other boys. No further explanations needed! Coming so naturally and not forced in any way. No, I didn’t have an absent father or an overbearing mother. No, I wasn’t raped by other guys. No, we didn’t use alcohol or drugs in my family, even though we were not religious. I had the big luck to growing up in a family where we had very good contact. My parents were always there for me and my siblings, yes, I’m the youngest.
Given that the committee consists mostly of Republicans who are fiscal hawks but non-Tea Party members and Left bent Democrats who are noted for their love of government spending, expect more smoke and mirrors and very little in the way of real cuts.
They were gentle, kind, compassionate people. During their college days, in the 1940s, they became communists. Their experience of poverty lead them to believe that communism offered the world the first truly realistic shot at equality.
Devyn did a whole lot of this today:
Put one third of the mixture into one of the prepared tins then colour the remaining two thirds with pink colouring, a few drops at a time, until you get the pink colour you want. Divide this mixture between the other two tins.
I have a huge head so I know to sit low. People with big heads that haven’t figured this out yet should be in prison. If it’s the hair that’s making the head in front of you so big, just trim some of it off with a pair of scissors. It’s dark, and they won’t notice what you've done to them until they get home. By that time, you’re already half-way to Mexico.
Here is what the wreath looks like (photo via pinterest.com)
* February is the shortest month of the year, but since Doug posts approximately every 17 minutes, he makes up for it.
What rights do you have to want to put the kitten-tormenting guy into jail when you are basically committing the same crime... Killing animals, whether directly or indirectly? What, just because you are slightly guilty about eating your steak you are better than he is? Maybe he feels slightly guilty too!!
After passing the autobahn overhead, I was to turn off this street onto a path. The question was where. There were no sign posts with directions to the airport or anywhere else. In fact, the only cycling signs to the airport appeared about half of a kilometer from the destination and it really was well hidden.
Presepe Vivente~the Living Nativity
In His Name we overcome
The palate is fresh, lively and juicy, more sweet fruit than I had expected and loads of lovely freshness giving good acidity and balance. Silky well integrated tannins and lovely Sangiovese cherry, pomegranate fruit. Very long, clean and fresh finish with just a hint of drying tannins.
“Whoa! Where’d the cat come from?” Burnett entered, trying not to trip over the little grey kitten that was winding its way around his feet.
1. Accepting complimentary food and drinks from a restaurant is fairly common for a variety of reasons including birthdays, replacing another dish, extra long wait times, etc. However, I personally feel that one should never ask for complimentary food simply because he or she blogs or tweets. Stating "I am a blogger, writer, reviewer, and therefore I want free food and drink" is in poor form. Tweeting that you should receive free food, drinks, and other goods is just wrong in my opinion. This is how some restaurant owners might feel about asking for free food and drinks. Anyone can write a blog on the Internet. Having a blog doesn't make a person special or deserving of complimentary treatment. If you are respected and known for your writing and your opinions, the staff will recognize you and compensate you as they please. Keep in mind that individuals who are well-known for their influence in media all started out somewhere. Most of them pay for their meals despite what the public might think.
So this week I’m writing a speech about student loan debt. Turns out, student loans have almost reached ONE. BILLION. DOLLARS.
Ian and I made some difficult and painful decisions this morning but we are relieved to have made them and will move forward in faith. Hopefully as things solidify I'll be able to give more details. We are grateful to have so many people praying over us right now and look forward to seeing God's plan for our family unfold.
being a dodger fan, this is one of the tougher multi-player rookie cards to pick up, especially in the upper midwest. thanks doug camilli for making it difficult.
“Well that’s good,” I say, feeling sympathetic. I also wonder why it seems my boss is more worried about it than his words said. I begin to think maybe he fears it being passed down through his family. My brain working overtime with my mouth trying to catch up, I ask, “Is it genital?”
More laws, more power, more intrusion, more tax money wasted enforcing the whims of control freaks. Westerners have allowed the anti-sex crowd to make them so afraid of mere images that they’ve given governments vast censorship powers. And when such power is handed over to an uncontrolled entity whose chief goals are to grow and consume (more money and more power), this sort of mishap is inevitable:
Happy folding!
Just Do It. You eat an elephant one teaspoon at a time.
The kola tree grows to approximately 40 ft (12 m) in height, and has white to yellow flowers with spots that range from red to purple. The kola tree’s leaves are 6–8 in long (15–20 cm) and the tree bears fruit that is shaped like a star. Inside the fruit, about a dozen round or square seeds can be found in a white seed shell.
A little too adorable – it was teensy tiny. That’s the thing with Craigslist though – no returns.
This is the collector who has a lot of stuff organized (maybe all complete sets - or team set - or a player collection) but also has plenty of stacks (or boxes) full of assorted cards. At the time, I assumed most collectors fell into this category but based on the comments it seemed more people thought they were a Type 1 collector than I thought was possible!
½ cup butter or margarine, melted
You may not be able to say the words "I love you" but actions really do speak louder than words.
In all seriousness folks, I am not trying to sell you mustard. I am simply giving you something to try. Everyone gets over a breakup differently, but the foundational strategies remain the same: keep busy, focus on yourself and do things that will make you happy. How you choose to interpret those things is up to you; I simply chose to put a little mustard in my life.
As I said earlier, the weather in the desert at this time of year is a crap shoot. This time we rolled the dice and crapped out. Our friends who have been going to Ocotillo Wells for years, said that this was their hottest trip ever.
Recently I have been blessed to get to know several wonderful Christians who truly inspire me. They are people who have spent a lot of time sitting at the feet of Jesus. I admire the many spiritual gifts in their lives and in particular the gifts of wisdom, self-control and love (the unconditional kind). When they speak of others they practice great self-control and in both their thinking, their words and their actions. They speak good of others, no matter what. It’s inspiring. They make me long for the fruits I see in their lives.
It is crucial that every one businesses are correctly covered, notably with the big insurgence in promises towards providers lately. There’s a person dealer that rises that as each and every company and the possibility mounted on their market differs, so should the insurance policies available to them. This is why they have got developed a division in their enterprise that specialises in offering recycling insurance plan to those within the squander and recycling market. But what exactly is recycling insurance plan and exactly what does it incorporate?
As I stated before, the “brilliant” economists at the troika are implementing measures which are counterproductive. Instead of focusing on growth, they are slashing wages, pensions, benefits, government jobs and increasing taxes hoping to restore “fiscal sanity.” All they’re doing is ensuring a Greek and European depression.
Oh, and I have reached 200 followers! YAY! So, I think I may be having a little joint giveaway with 2 other ladies who have reached this sweet milestone! Details will be here soon!
They reached the lake and disappeared beneath its waters without a trace, leaving only the plough marks made by the oxen.
Back to strong, savvy, hip-thrusting Latinas: Shakira’s new songs totally suck. My god. I was in my friend’s car last night listening to Power 96 and I thought, “If this had been her first song ever she’d still be a nameless bougie princess in Baranquilla,” and it made me think about her early Indy-via-Sony-Records period.
Director: Vittorio Cottafavi
Here's an example of one recipe:
So I finished the bicorn construction last night. I still need to trim it up (and line it) but I'm pretty happy with it. I also have to figure out if I'm wearing it athwart (side to side) or "fore-and-aft." I'll take some pics when the trimming is finished and let you help me decide.
The title:
Echo Parks dp
I know I shouldn't talk about fall since it is still August, but with everyone being back in school, I get the fall itch. Fall is by far my favorite season. Cooler temperatures, farming, football, apple orchard trip- I could go on and on. I love being able to wear jeans and sweaters, comfy hoodies, and not breaking out the winter coat just yet.
isaac's map is in place.
The verminous majority-hating afrophile reality contortionists at the New York Times have twice in the past week given voice to a race-hustling light-skinned professional black woman named Michelle Alexander, who just published a book - entitled "The New Jim Crow" - which seeks to place the blame for America's over-the-top incarceration rates on evil "systemic racism."
Stay tuned for a tutorial on how to make one, hopefully I'll post it this evening.
Should you buy this? If you’re into garage rock, lo fi, garage pop stuff, you’ll dig it. If you like the aforementioned bands that I described earlier, you’ll like this. If you’re into lo fi cassette releases, obviously, you’ll love this. I like it for all of those reasons.
the great bolts on their oaken doors
Luckily for fans of reality television 2011 offered up a large assortment of genuinely enjoyable reality programming, unlike last year where a lot of our old favourites seemed as though they were finally packing it all in. There were some fresh faces that made for pleasing alternatives to the creakier formats but even some of our old favourites were back in form this year.
Guess it's time to dust off the blog.
Does Charlie want to get thrown out? I never really thought so. I think he thought he could get away with it. Also, in the re-make, there’s no way that this interrogation/corporal punishment sequence stays in. Brings home the stakes here though.
The story's a bit too romantic for cynical me (or Francoise, for that matter) to believe....but there the engraving (proof) is.
*He's started trying to help mommy hold his bottle when he eats now. He's doing pretty good at it, but still needs help keeping it where it needs to be. He holds his hands right where they should go. It probably won't be long and he'll be able to do this on his own.
I have spoken primarily to believers who have already trusted Christ. If you have not trusted Christ, you need to recognize that He paid the penalty for your sin on the cross. He died for you. You need to be honest also. You need to admit that you are a sinner and that you cannot save yourself. You need the mercy available through faith in Christ. Will you trust him today?
– Alexis de Tocqueville
Tangled Tides by Karen Amanda Hooper
and the secret of the 3 dimensional density that we are trapped in,
One of our two vehicles is near death and it is only a matter of time before we are down to one car. Can't afford to fix it.
-another roll up by Bryan for a 2.
8. Eat. This doesn't seem very important, but it takes up a large portion of my time, so I thought I'd mention it here.
I have difficulty knowing when something that I am experiencing is something that I should tell the Dr. and when it is something insignificant because I still don't know too much about myself apart from the symptoms.... it's hard to explain. I'm afraid that I'm not quite sure what normal is.
BF: Yeah! Exactly. And that’s why the generals are now on our side.
I have only used instructions that are freely available on the Internet and wish to thank each and every person who has had a part in sharing this wonderful art with the world at large.
My friend Katya and I decided to celebrate today by going out to eat. I thought that the best place for no sugar, no dairy would be a vegan restaurant. What I didn’t realize is that nearly everything there contains SOY, which is a no-no for me now. Nearly all the side sauces and dressings contain vinegar, also off the cart. Looking at the menu, I felt like I was back on the milk fast… confronted with the huge array of things and not able to have any of them. I was especially sad to learn that their Seitan was marinated in soy sauce, which limited my options even further : ( I finally settled on a side of curried chickpeas and kale and a glass of raw almond milk. Both were pretty good and we shared some guacamole and corn chips. I got to try some of Katya’s Mac & “Cheese” before it disappeared. All in all it was definitely a celebratory and enjoyable outing, but a serious eye opener regarding the kinds of challenges I’m going to face eating out and sticking to being a vegetarian.
And yes, before some points out, back when mohammad actually thought he could fool Jews and Christians into accepting islam, he recited peaceful semi-remembered Christian and Jewish suras that he later replaced (or aborgated) with oppression and violence and murderous suras against all who will not accept islam. If only deceived muslims truly understood this. But, they are brainwashed from birth to believe so many lies that they truly do not know the truth when they hear and see it.
And I have no pictures.
ADDENDA: One of my correspondents seemed unclear on the applicability ot the Legion to this definition, so I wrote the following:
Of course, Disney is an awesome place for any pirate fan. Not only is there the pirate voyage, but there's also the beloved Pirates of the Caribbean ride. That's always been a favorite of mine. I went on that ride when I was a baby at Disneyland, possibly right after it first opened. I honestly believe with all my heart, that that ride is my very first memory. I still remember seeing the skull & cross bones up on the wall above the tunnel. I couldn't have been more than a year old. Bizarre. Oddly, I didn't get into the movies when they first came out. I waited and saw the first two on DVD when they were released. By the time the third and fourth came out, I was hooked and went to the theaters to see them. Of course, the boys and I had to stop and get this picture while we were in Downtown Disney one night ...
silvana: hahahahhaha
And rest assured, the military and the federally militarized municipal corporation (city) and state police will beat the shit out of and incarcerate you too if you dare try and make your own currency – at least one that is effective and competitive against the dollar or is non-taxable. It’s already happening all around you (see: “The Liberty Dollar”).
Busy week here. I will be taking a nice long vacation in May and have been trying to work ahead a bit. I will schedule some posts to go live while I'm gone so you won't miss out on any craftiness. Today's post is to announce the new Technique Challenge with Blockheads Paper Arts. This month, Colleen has chosen the Emboss Resist Technique and her step by step tutorial can be found on the Blockheads web page in the Technique section. Since Mother's Day is fast approaching, I used the mother and baby stamp from the Grunge Collage Half Sheet.
STELLA is our featured Space Walker this week. She is very excited to share her views about having iPads in the classroom this year. Due to personal illness, we were unable to post this yesterday, but she wanted it posted today. Take it away, Stella!
We’ve told a story about visitors, about how people have approached the stones over the centuries, and what they have come away with. It’s not a story you often hear about, unless it’s to do with the exceptional – Druids, Travellers or archaeologists. We’re interested in the more everyday, the millions of visitors who have made Stonehenge what it is, a story about all of us. And there are some fascinating things in the show.
“Tis my pleasure, my lady,” he replied, tucking her hand under his arm and leading her towards the pristine white cloths laid out on the ground. There were cushions for the ladies and the lords to sit on. The knights, being in full armor, preferred to stand, while the squires and pages were busy serving.
I finished this little project a while ago for our bathroom wall. Love the colors and the way it turned out. It brings sweet smiles and memories every time we see it! If your interested in how I created this read the details below.
Expect to see a few more holiday themed posts around here in the next few weeks. I have a bunch of holiday baking to get done this week! First up are a few photos from our evening as we ‘decked our halls’. I even managed to sneak in a ‘self-portrait’ or two.
My mom had lovely eyes. They were light colored, kind of greenish blue, and one of her best features. When I was growing up, people would sometimes remark that I had her eyes. Mine are more truly blue than hers were, but a lot of times people would point out how similar they were to hers.
Enjoy warm with ketchup or with the chutney of your choice.
De La Senne Stouterik -- good, Guinness-like
So grabbing some pipe wrenches and a hex T wrench I attempted to bounce my knuckles all over the floor and the wrench was hardly on the clean out cap. After reviewing the cap, I ran to get my saw all and cut the cap off the pipe, never marring the threads, still have that wonderful gift hehe. Cleaned the surface, poured some drain cleaner down the pipe, put a towel over the hole because it smelled like rotten eggs and it was brewing like some old witch making a batch of bat wing stew bubbling and gurgling which I didn't want to find a splatter of a mess on the floor or walls when I returned.
Vintage 8x10 still for WB "Union Depot" (1932) which I just had the pleasure of seeing for the first time on the very same day that this still came in the mail! Very fast-moving and fun pre-code picture with a great cast, I thoroughly enjoyed all 67 minutes of it!
Possibly the homeliest foursome ever to trouble Saturday morning TV, Vanilla was a girl group from Barnet, London consisting of sisters Frances and Alison Potter, plus their friends Alida Swart and Sharon Selby. Releasing just two singles for EMI in 1997 and 1998, it is the first of these we feature today.
I am not as eloquent as Mr. Hemingway, so I will only second his statement...
Belgian Strong Ale? Quad? I was expecting an imperial stout or some such, but it pours too fast and is too light. Nice, rich brown with a huge tan head.
I’ll never say you won’t be afraid, for in fact, I terrify.
And my contact lens giveaway closed! I'm sorrrry, I am suppose to post the results today! But I got something on and couldn't sort out the names yet! Give me one more day! ^_^
It's a sad day for liquor.
09. Wang Dang Doodle (Dixon) 5:10
Our lovely teamie, Domi, has made this gorgeous sketch for us all to use this week. You can rotate or flip it, as long as we can see the basic sketch is there thats OK :-)
Arrange the skewers on the rack.
So I’m working on it. Working on how to fancy up my every day life stories. Getting back into the swing of what I used to be just fine and dandy and decent at – writing!
1/3 cups heavy cream
This is a long, involved story and quite boring, so I'll give you the Reader's Digest version. There's an on-line software that the school district uses to allow parents to monitor their child's grades. Most teacher will update it daily or a couple times a week with homework, labs, test and quizzes. And it will give you an instantaneous grade snapshot. We've been using it for years and have never had a problem until this year's math class. The 1st marking period, we noticed the software indicated an A+ but for daily entries, it listed "X" or "1". He ended up with a "B" for the marking period. The 2nd marking period was more of the same, only this time he ended up with an "F". Every other class gives number grades and an equivalent letter grade. And for the 2nd marking period, The Pudge had A+, A+, A, A, A-, B+...and an F.
The Boy in the Suitcase by Lene Kaaberbol and Agnet Friis (audio)
If you don't want your child to do or see something, fucking stop them. They're probably shorter than you, and certainly a lot less fit. Unless you take them on their X-Box, you'll probably get the upper hand.
The experimental drug seeks to mimic the gene mutation and block a sodium channel which normally produces nerve impulses that convey pain signals to the brain.
Maybe it won’t be discusting after all …?
Live life with a similar flair.
2 generic
Austinites can sample the award-winning Convict Hill Stout at two of the original stores to sell Independence beers: the Whole Foods on Lamar on Sunday, January 15 and January 22 from 1-3 pm, and at Wheatsville Co-Op on Saturday, Jan 21, 12-3pm. Independence fans are encouraged to attend a celebration happy hour at the Ginger Man Pub on January 20, 6-8 pm.
It’s commonly accepted that the First Dark Age of Rock resulted from the following factors: Little Richard found Jesus, Elvis got drafted, The Killer married his 13-year-old cousin, Buddy crashed, Chuck violated the Mann Act, Eddie Cochran crashed. When we look at the Billboard Number One singles from 1960-61, it appears that the rot has set in: Teen Angel, Theme From A Summer Place, Wonderland By Night, a little Lawrence Welk. But see who else is here: Everly Brothers, The Drifters, Ray Charles, Maurice Williams, The Shirelles, Del Shannon, Ernie K-Doe, plus Orbison, Gary U.S. Bonds, Bobby Lewis, Dion, The Marvelettes. Not too shabby, all considered. 1962 is almost as good: Joey Dee, Gene Chandler, Bruce Channel, Little Eva, Ray Charles again, The Four Seasons, Crystals, Tornados. OK, so Bobby Vinton, Connie Francis, and Neil Sedaka are also in there, but there’ve been worse horrors inflicted by the record-buying public. 1963: Steve Lawrence (who I like), The Rooftop Singers, Bobby Vinton (again), and The Singing Nun on the one hand—The Four Seasons (right on), Ruby and The Romantics, The Essex, Chiffons, Jimmy Soul, Lesley Gore, The Tymes, Stevie Wonder, Jan & Dean, The Fireballs with Jimmy Gilmer, and The Angels on the other.
Onions go into the main pot. This is a personally preference, as I like my onions completely disintegrated into the stew at the end. 1 hour of stewing will make onions completely disappear texture wise, leaving their flavor. If you like to chomp on your onions, delay this move.
I LOVE MY NOOK!!!!!!
As soon as I got the perfect shot I had to take everything down and get everything ready in the car for our location shots at the AMF Rocklin Lanes.
Spring Barrel at the new NHV tasting room went well. With the tons of things that had to be done prior to opening, the NHV team was running on fumes. I apologize for not posting anything for a while, but that was the reason. It was ironic that in our attempt to create a wonderful relaxing place for people to enjoy and get away from it all, we were having so little peace ourselves. All that changed when we opened. The sound of laughter and happy people enjoying each other’s company all around the property made it all worthwhile. We would like to thank everybody who came out last weekend!
Preferred Price: $16.95
Saving some for the teal gumbo next weekend.
Anyways, these brownies are super amazing.
Nora may not have a formal education, but she graduated with honors from the school of hard knocks. She’s been through tough times and she’ll do whatever it takes to support her family, including helping with harvest time at the Cavanaugh’s orchard. She’s always kept a single-minded focus on staying afloat...but suddenly her thoughts keep drifting back to rugged, opinionated Tom Cavanaugh.
I am grateful for daily text messages that brighten my day.
Even actors have to work hard to stay in the limelight. For every instantly recognisable movie star, there must be twenty with vaguely familiar faces whose names are never mentioned in the gossip sheets. Many who were once household names later vanish without trace. I often wonder what happened to Charlene Tilton, the pint-sized blonde who played Lucy Ewing in Dallas. I’ll never forget the way her character responded to J.R. when he tried to bait her at the breakfast table:
"This is one race of people for whom psychoanalysis is of no use whatsoever."
Don't forget the Blog hop starts Friday right here!!
Why do I continue to write about “Mary”, I ask myself. For certain it is painful and I often cry while writing this blog. I honestly feel I owe it to Mary to tell what she is afraid and ashamed to do herself, to let you know of her pain and guilt, the destruction to her humanity and soul. I wish this to never happen to another woman ever and if this sad little blog raises some sort of awareness, than my experience has not gone for not. Many of you have read my previous blog concerning my shocking and sobering experience with an infamous pornography “entertainer”. http://gerilewis.wordpress.com/2011/07/01/pornography-the-ugly-truth/
Kendall Cross ... Sue Jensen
Assuming you did, and things have not gotten better, then it is time to politely tell her that you think there should be a parting of ways. Look at your agency agreement to see if this needs to be done in writing, and in what sort of time frame. Agency agreements can vary quite a bit, so be sure you're following the terms in yours.
I believe strongly that all expenditure by MPs – whether it is on staffing and office costs, or for reimbursement of our own expenses – should be made available regularly for the scrutiny of those we are accountable to, our constituents.
“Are you sure you’re ready for this?”
Tulsa
Typically, these statistics are based on annual reporting of variables that are easy to gather from existing databases. Publication is also annual. The producers of statistics do not make the full data sets available for researchers to play with. They select the tables and the cross-tabulations we are allowed to study. The regular print publications are characterized by lots of numbers and very superficial analyses. They do not, I would say, train their readers to appreciate statistics.
(3 gifts red)
At this year’s BOMA International Conference, nurturing the next generation of commercial real estate professionals was a big topic of discussion. Our internship program is a step in that direction. What’s your property or company doing to pave the way for young people to work in commercial real estate? Your thoughts and ideas may inspire others, so please share.
Anyway, as I was saying the cat never got to use some dVerse ideas here and there and so I saved them up for later on for many to glare and so comes forth the nightmare. Although it is going to have such flair.
Do you know anyone on Tumblr in real life?
This blog is accordingly running a poll, to let readers express their opinion. Please use this facility: if a consensus is established it might govern not only the house style of the Journal of Intellectual Property Law & Practice but other periodicals and titles in the English language. The poll is located at the top of the jiplp weblog sidebar.
Good lighting? Interesting subject? Unique editing skills? Perfect composition?
But he added he was confident that Europe would do what was necessary.
Despite Richard Connar’s public presence (and self- financed documentary), Emma and the general public still saw him as an enigma. Having watched ENN, she doubted his intentions were for some tearjerker reunion footage. I’ve got a bad feeling about this.
"Marian McPartland's Rachel Carson in Concert", NPR Music, April 2008 (You'll also find at the same link a video about the making of A Portrait of Rachel Carson.)
“Listen,” I said to her, “my suggestion, if you want to save these shakes would be to buy another cooler now. After driving an hour, stop and get another couple of bags of ice to put in the other cooler. After another 30 minutes, stop and switch all of the shakes to the other cooler.”
The White House Honey Ale used one pound of honey from this year's 160-pound harvest of honey from the White House Bee Hive, which sits beside Mrs. Obama's South Lawn Kitchen Garden. Eighty bottles were created, and all were consumed. The President, First Lady, and their guests sampled the special suds for the first time this evening. And the Obamas paid for the micro-brewing equipment, the aide noted, so there's no impact on the national debt.
In Japan, cod roe spaghetti is a popular ‘Japanified’ western dish.
NOTE: And when the thousand years are expired, Satan shall be loosed out of his prison, And shall go out to deceive the nations which are in the four quarters of the earth, Gog and Magog, to gather them together to battle: the number of whom is as the sand of the sea. And they went up on the breadth of the earth, and compassed the camp of the saints about, and the beloved city: and fire came down from God out of heaven, and devoured them. And the devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are, and shall be tormented day and night for ever and ever.
During the gig of the Canadian band Crystal Castles @ Tunglið, Saturday 18. October, the press (photographers) people were not allowed in front of the stage. This was the first time ever for me not to be allowed there @ Airwaves, and without any notice some time before. So I was hanging with my head in heavy noise, fortunately with earplugs. It took the band a long time to start playing, and because of that the atmosphere was getting tence/nervous/à la Heizel dramatique for the first time in an overcrowded venue spot (where everybody wanted to be in the front, especially the British people). The performance was therefore very disappointing musically, and non-musically.
Since I got my new camera, a friend of mine who is a professional photographer, Liz Grandmaison (check out her own website here) has been a source of indispensable and patient advice, feedback, and recommendations for me. One day she posted some photos on Facebook from a trip she had taken. I noted the particularly rich, radiant blue sky in one of them and asked how she made that happen, guessing that I already knew the answer (and I was right): polarizing filters.
The heart is the emotion: the melody and harmony, the shape and feeling of the song. The brain is the insight: the part that makes you think, usually it’s conveyed in the lyrics, but sometimes with fancy chord voicings or time signatures. The body is the physicality of the song: the rhythm, the primal, erotic force that makes you want to get up and dance.
Gold looks glamorous and will make you feel like it too! Gold richens your skin tone, and hair, and you can't go wrong with this metallic color. Gold Sequin Shirt, H&M, $34.95
Sales grew 7 percent over the past year to $213.8 million, according to SymphonyIRI, a Chicago-based market research firm that tracks sales at supermarkets, drug stores and mass merchandise outlets, excluding Wal-Mart.
Basked in it as long as it lasted.
Sunday morning the swelling had reached up to her eyelid. We felt she had to see a doctor because it was her eye and we didn't want any sort of infection happening up in there. But of course ... it's Sunday.
I decided to keep the tan coloured leather since it had a lovely patina that needed just a little bit of proper oiling. To complement the existing colour scheme of the leather the new dashboard was especially crafted from locally grown European beech wood and accentuated with some diagonal graphic chrome detailing.
Saturday: Bright and early wake up call so my little sis and I could toe the line of the Cowtown 5k...her first race ever! It was pretty cold in the morning and I loved that the race organizer kept the Will Rogers Center (just a few feet from the start) open so we could stay inside to keep warm and use real bathrooms! Yes, I raced both a half and a 5k this weekend and never had to use a port-a-potty. Score!
16 tbsp (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened
I feel it was their loss.
Let those who fear the LORD say,
The kindness of God as displayed in Mike Pardo.
Nor the Sodomites
In any case, these people are coming down. We’ve got…
And there was another but I deleted it and I can’t remember it.
This is something that has always bugged me to death! I absolutely can’t stand how people on welfare act. And, what they do with our tax dollars. I work my butt off the 5 days a week that I’m not in college to earn money to support myself. And, I work with the public… As a cashier.
When the bill was first drafted, the dictionary definition of severe had been considered adequate, he said.
A few days ago, in a landmark decision, the High Court of Nairobi held the relevant three provisions of this Anti-Counterfeit Act, 2008 as unconstitutional - Section 2 (definition of counterfeiting), section 32 (offences) and Section 34 (Powers of the Commissioner to seize suspected counterfeit Goods). The Court held that the definition of counterfeits could unfairly include generic medicines and that this would violate the right to life, dignity and health. The conflagration of generics and counterfeits during in-transit seizures was also mentioned as the type of consequence that could occur by allowing this type of provision. In fact, the Court also said that in a legal regime that respects Intellectual Property Rights, "the danger that such generic drugs can be seized under section 32 and 34 of the Act is therefore manifest."
Another example of this kind of change of perspective was from a person who once lamented that, "bad things always happened to him." This he said in reference to his son having been diagnosed with leukemia at a very young age. This had been a very difficult time for his family certainly, I cannot and choose not to even imagine what they went through, however, the child beat the odds and made a full recovery and is in his twenties now. So to this I replied, "I think you're a very fortunate man. You had a child who survived cancer, that is something to celebrate." He looked at me oddly and said, "Yeah, I guess you're right, I never thought of it that way before."
Lyra watercolours ( I got mine form Joanna Sheen)
2 Cans of Pillsbury Cresent Rolls
“Proof of it by our service for Him—receiving constant religious training for all kinds of service involved in the various committees. . .
Sports Illustrated is about to drop the latest piano out of the sky with a Mets logo on it. The Mets' organization will lose an estimated $70 Million Dollars this season. Remember, it always gets worse before it gets better. Look out below.
I digress . . . back to my card! This little darlin' is actually a Sassy Cheryl rubber stamp called "Lovely Lulu." You can find the entire Lovely Lulu set - along with this perfect little sentiment - at Kraftin' Kimmie's HERE!
PATRICK WOLF – SLOW MOTION
John Deacon – Bass
Cos I don’t know you well enough
rare interview
#3- The Mercenaries: Dawn McGill and Svetlana Kovalevski (I)
1940's straw hat-Brenda Sue's
I have been planning on getting my hair cut for some time; in fact, I’ve known that it would eventually need to be cut for a long time. You can’t be a professional with emo hair – you just can’t do it. Classy ponytail? Yes. Backwards mullet? Believe it or not: no.
WASHINGTON – The largest solar storm in five years was due to arrive on Earth early Thursday, promising to shake the globe’s magnetic field while expanding the Northern Lights.
Tony swears by Christopher Vogler’s The Writer’s Journey (subtitled Mythic Structure for Storytellers and Screenwriters) which, taking its cue from Campbell, examines how the hero’s journey model is used in modern writing. “I use that structure in all my stories and I do a lot of stories for five to eight year olds.”
On a whim, I did a Google search for Punisher pics by Big John, and discovered a trade paper back that collected a five-issue story arc from 1994's Punisher: War Zone. It immediately went on my Amazon wish list. But last week, I found a copy in my local comic shop, and being one to support local businesses, I picked it up.
However, it was not until about 4am Friday that police received a public tip-off about a woman sobbing and pleading for her life.
Premise: A family lives in a nuclear fallout shelter, hiding from a deadly race of mutated humans known only as, the breathers.
Ah, humility. It's a hard thing to learn, isn't it?
The main Broadway representatives were Tim himself, Keith Smith, and referee Jim Harris. They laid out what Broadway has to offer: Exposure in a great wrestling market in front of good audiences, as well as T.V. time(via their local-access program) and a decent payday. Broadway is stepping up their schedule in a major way in September, so the roster will be expanding in the near future…September has the usual shows at South Broadway and East Carondelet as well as their debut in Hillsdale, MO and a return to Fairmont City. The injured A.J. Williams was also in attendance as well as Ace Hawkins.
M-girl finished her Lego Friends tree house quickly. Then, almost as quickly, it fell down. Eventually she deigned to glance through the directions, and made some modifications to her design. She ended up with a solid, slightly customized, tree house.
Silence carries weight. Voices punch. Softly presented caresses manipulate so that you get what you want. Nothing free in this life. Nothing cheap. You pay whether you want to play or not. Find me that bottle of bourbon. I’ve had another blow.
Or how the seasons changed
In early October, the charred remains of a German adventurer were discovered at a campfire site on a South Pacific island. The tabloid media were quick to portray the slaying as a possible case of cannibalism on Nuku Hiva, an island historically known for human sacrifice. But locals are offended and experts say such killings are a thing of the very distant past. (read more)
The dress, the hair, the beautiful alabaster skin (enhanced by just a little tiny pinch of arsenic each day), everything was set. The painting began in earnest. After much deliberation on the subject, Sargent painted the gorgeous woman in the dead black gown in profile, everything about her image, just perfect. Except for one little strap that seemed to fall daringly off her shoulder.
One Sunday morning, I invited a dear friend of mine, Father Todd, an Anglican priest to teach. His visit took place just as we were starting out, so our fledgling group sat around the coffee tables scrunched up close to make it look like there were more people present than there actually were.
This year there is a new twist to the Extravaganza called the Vintage Marketplace. It's a show within a show where over 50 exhibitors will be presenting their vintage wares, unique art and sense of style.
So, process of elimination, history of AQI attacks in Diyala etc.
Character has extra appendage or organ not usually found in his species. Examples include: A third eye in the back of his head, light sensitive antennae, arms and hands (for a fish or other species that normally doesn't have limbs), a head or brain for a Plant. The players always design the new parts, but the GM must approve the design. Now, I appreciate the brevity of this entry and its reference to the GM as the final authority in determining what is an acceptable new body part. However, as Maxstadt notes at the start of his article, "Some players have trouble inventing original mutations which are more than mere variations of the official mutations in the book." Likewise, there's always a tug of war between player and referee in trying to decide just what sort of mutation is "too much."
We've been so busy with work and school that we didn't start any renovations until we'd been in the house for 1 year! Actually my husband and his brother did take out a second door to our master bedroom - it was right in the middle of our living room! But other than that, nothing big.
Fast foreword to being a mom, with two kids. The only thing that I carried on to adulthood from the experience is that I spoil my kids. Yep. Sure do. I admit it. They are sooooo spoiled at Christmas. And birthdays too.
So without further ado..............DRUM ROLL.............
So I was in the Crafty mood today. I finally was able to do some sewing that I miss so much. Heres what I made today:
Maybe you can recognise the variety?
Casey’s Pizza does Sansome and Pine, SF today, 11-2!
I've packaged and repackaged a hundred times but I'm happy with the final presentation. These will be available in the store (http://www.alifedeliberate.etsy.com/) for $14.00 which is actually a deal because normally three soaps are $15, AND you receive it gift wrapped and ready to give to someone, or just give a little treat to yourself. I've worked really hard on them and I hope everyone likes them. The inside flap has a little graphic and quote because I'm a card-carrying word nerd. :P I'd love to hear your feedback.
If you like your own copy of the My Memories Suite Digital Scrapbooking Software you can order it here, and if you use my personal coupon code, STMMMS40269, you will get to get a $10 discount for the software! It's a great deal! Again that code is: STMMMS40269.
It took all of five minutes and a change in direction to bring back that stupid lameness.
15 Ali Pang
The second half of Noble gigs are starting to become a bore I’m afraid, as he methodically works through these 'gifts' – and the rest of the audience loses out on 45 minutes that could have been filled with good material. And of course, each time he does it, he seals his fate for the next time he returns to the venue, as those who see it this time plan to get in on the act next time around.
It's very cool to look at, though, and will provide an opportunity to learn more about how birds make nests. And maybe even figure out what kind of bird made this nest.
Concessions (adults)
Higher mountains have come down
I don't have much of a post, getting busier these days still moving(within B'Klyn of course), more to come on that but here's what stood out to me:
This is good advice. Trust me, I know I'm right about this.
Here are some important car maintenance facts to consider this spring:
Cast on 10 stitches, join for knitting in the round, Magic Loop Technique, (or DPNs' in the round)
The second class is the She Art Workshop by Christy Tomlinson, and I just started it a couple days ago...but I am already LOVING it!! I was only introduced to Christy's work in the last couple months, but have admired her from the beginning and had hoped to one day be able to take her workshops. When the opportunity presented itself, I couldn't pass it up!! I am learning so much!
I just can’t stand the guy being around me, pretending to be nice to me, kissing me. I really hate that last part. But he does not seem to get it that we aren’t in a relationship anymore. But what is there to understand: it’s over… that’s not hard right? He even irritates me when he is not around. It’s the waiting… when will he come home, will he come home, what is his mood, how much do I have to listen to his stupid work talk. I just don’t care. He even annoys me when he sleeps. All the scratching, snoring, panting, groaning, turning in bed all the time. He also claims the blankets… well LW told me I do that too but hey… what do you want. All the time when I was laying in the middle (and that for like 3 years) they both hug the blankets. Then, for me in the middle. there wasn’t any blanket to feel, It’s like a tent over me. Well.. I can tell you, that’s cold. So I don’t blame me for being a blanket hugger because when I did not hug the blankets…. there wasn’t anything to keep me warm. But well… that’s one thing that won’t happen again because I’ve had it. We won’t be sleeping with 3 persons in a bed. Laying in the middle is bad for me, but for LW as well. Plus I just won’t lay in a bed with him anymore. I can’t sleep properly when I do. I am just laying there, waiting for things to happen. That’s not good for me. When we lay there with three, than there’s an elbow, then there’s a knee in my back. It won’t be the first time that I wake up with bruises. So there’s the choice, sleeping with me…. or sleeping with him. I guess I know the answer to that. So I guess I will be sleeping alone because otherwise he things he is just such a “sad little boy”. I have a feeling of throwing up now…
Doesn't it look perfect on our kitchen table!
As far as models are concerned, we’re going to be using a mixture of Games Workshop Warhammer 40k figures for this one -Space marines and Cadian Imperial Guard for the Humans, Tyranids for the bugs (I think Hormagaunts?).
We all head across the street to a hotel, where lunch had been prepared in a large room with about 8 dishes of food prepared in the traditional chinese family style. Big tables with food piled on a lazy Susan, and everyone takes their chopsticks and eats from all the dishes. Not very sanitary but it gets the job done.
Yes, I'm kicking myself over that. No, I don't need your help there.
So is it a blessing to have more than one mother...??? I think so. The kids are getting a whole lot of love and of course a whole lot of crazy.
In the coming weeks, a clearer picture will emerge about the new leaders of government, from the local to the national levels. I hope to find that more young people have taken (and in some parts of the Philippines, wrestled) the reins of leadership away from the dinosaurs of Philippine politics. I hope to see more idealistic, reform-minded, policy-oriented people in the ranks of elected officials. I hope there will be more leaders who want to champion reproductive health and the rights of women. I hope there will be a genuine focus on the grinding, generational poverty that plagues the Philippines, and a sincere desire to lift the standard of education that can break the cycle.
They have accused the provincial Tactical Response Team of randomly beating them up "for nothing".
Vegetables I have used and that work well are; parsnips, turnips, salad onions, butternut squash, courgette, sweet corn and just about any root vegetables. Just remember to add more tomatoes and lentils so that the portions have a tasty amount of everything together!
Take their Vogue View section where the reporting on the latest trends is free from irritating and snide insinuations that if you weren't wearing it all yesterday rather than your old clobber, then you are nought but fashion roadkill.
"I'm done waiting. I'm going HOME".
More than 1,000 people are on waiting lists for two of the church's three Queens affordable-housing residences for the elderly, Flake said.
She preferred his company over people, and often used him as a shield to avoid interaction. New York was probably the last place one would expect her to want to go considering she was more a solitary being then most, but she had read that if she could make it there, she could make it anywhere.
Specialman: that special kind of superhero that doesn't need fancy packaging or a recognizable face to leap tall unnamed buildings in a single you-know-what. From the planet Cripton, it's Specialman! The only hero with two right hands!
Wednesday - Grilled Chicken and Pineapple Quesadillas: We have a late appointment so these will be perfect to throw together before we leave the house.
Him: "Oh...I mean boo..go orange..are they winning? I'll cheer for them if they're winning"
I think the picture speaks for itself. Amazing.
“Please.”
If you’re feeling brave, you tackle the walk to West End in the daylight hours. I’d been warned before that West End wasn’t a place you go unless you really have no way of avoiding it, and I really wanted to go to Avid Reader, so there was really no way of avoiding it. The walk there wasn’t so bad – there was the usual riff-raff you’d expect in a not-so-safe district of a capital city, shoeless men slurring drunkenly at passers-by with open alcohol containers on the footpath – but it was the walk back to SLQ that opened my eyes just a little bit, and had me dashing across the pavement a little quicker than I usually would. A man staggered over to the ANZ across from us and started bashing on the glass doors, which were, of course, locked solid. He was cussing loudly (something about being ripped off?), was obviously very drunk, and I feared the glass might actually shatter at one point. Ah, West End, the memories.
I could enlist the male friends who are interested in me, but I don’t feel like giving the this is not a date speech. My hunger for companionship hasn’t sunk that far down just yet.
Hi, my Name is Renee Greene, but you can call me "reneegede." I hear that if you can find the one thing in life that you would do for free if you could afford to, it is the thing that will call your name for the rest of your life. As a journalist since 1984 and professional writer and social media activist blogger since 1995, I have written hundreds of news articles and reports, interviewed a few celebrities, and written several books, including a book of haiku poetry, two exposes on politics in the south and in the black church, one of self-discovery, one on maintaining spirituality in a world that encourages self-doubt, and an autobiography of my childhood growing up in a small town in Georgia during the Civil Rights Movement and thereafter.
Evo minutes before she decided to nick
I found a link for an explosion purse and decided that I would use my new "Dotty For You" paper pack from CTMH. If you are interested, you can get this pack for $5 when you order $35 worth of products. Please take a look at my site www.pattiross.ctmh.com and especially the 'while supplies last' section. I have to say that the journal, board book and soft set eyelet tool setter....and the paper packs are an amazing deal!
Obama went to an openly anti-white, i.e. "racist", church. It certainly isn't beyond the bounds of discourse to bring this up and to question whether it disqualifies him from the presidency. Romney's case is a bit different, since he belongs to a large, organized religion that is more or less accepted within the mainstream of American culture. Nevertheless, many Americans, myself included, haven't failed to note the weirdness of many Mormon beliefs. Do these beliefs disqualify him from the presidency? Probably not, and not because the beliefs aren't strange or irrational. No, I think we just have to accept that many people hold weird beliefs that don't necessarily impinge upon their ability to think and act rationally in other areas.
Christmas is my favorite time of the year. I love celebrating the reason for the season, the traditions, and time with family and friends. I love to decorate the house too! I'm juggling getting settled in, but want our home to feel like Christmas, especially for Jake and Ava. Here's a little sneak peek!
Old journal entry #2...
Here is some more stripedy eye candy to look at while you wait.
Tonight when it was time for books (after bath) you sweetly called out 'Dada', and when you were finished you called out 'Mama'. Then you reached over to Dada and said 'bye bye' and started waving. Such a smart lady :)
My attitude was that, if you knowingly go to a Jerry Sadowitz show, you cannot complain afterwards about being offended. It is a bit like letting your small child watch Doctor Who and then complaining afterwards that he or she shat behind the sofa with fear.
I think travel agents are extremely useful and can really help take the stress out of vacation planning...for some people. I thoroughly enjoy the planning and researching phase of any trip, not just Disney World. I like bargain hunting. I like searching and finding just the right hotel or resort. I really just enjoy it.
The first thing you are going to need to do is get onto the Virgin Media Super Hub settings. While in your Web browsers in the address bar write in the 192.168.0.1 this will bring up the Super Media Login screen. For the Username and Passwords they will be on the side of your Super Hub unless you have changed the Password yourself. After you have logged in the you are going to have you go onto Port Forwarding page.
I mean seriously...who wouldn't want a Brutal Legend RPG? This stuff is gold! Just like adventure time half the appeal is fleshing out the intriguing, huge and mysterious world that the video game created and meeting the weird inhabitants...then shredding them with lightning bolts and flaming zeppelins from the sky!! The world of Metal is an insane adventure waiting to happen.
I expect that you are all wondering what it is like to go through radiation treatment.
I've been in a bad mood lately, got some things going on. As you all know, the age old remedy for a bad mood is supposed to be laughter so I've prescribed myself some. I'd like to share it with you. These are called Tom Swifties. They were originated by Edward Stratemeyer in a series of cartoons in the 1920's.
Sift the flour, unsweetened cocoa powder and kosher salt. Set aside.
Bachelor of Administration Degree (Management Concentration)
I think it’s strange–I judge other people’s bodies, not just my own. I critique their every bump and curve, every inch of their body. It’s mean what I say about people sometimes. I know I’m being harsh, and I don’t know why I do it. Maybe I see myself in these people. (Not the thin people of course.) But Vernita, even though she’s thin, is a fat kind of thin. Her legs and arms and face are thin, but her stomach pokes out. See? Mean. I have never been a judgmental person, that is why I can’t understand why I am doing it now.
Peel and devein shrimp, leaving the tails on. Butterfly each shrimp along the outside curve (cut almost all the way through). Open shrimp flat and place butterflied-side down in a greased or parchement lined 15-in. x 10-in. x 1-in. baking pan.
So yes, I had a wonderful day, I was planning on going to the beach too but it was very windy so we decided against it. The weathers getting better, but the wind is still bitter cold. Will get back some day soon so I can do everything I had planned.:)
Yet still the young and impressionable fall for it. Young girls are not genetically more stupid and easily led than young boys, but it is they who tend to end up as women living in poverty as single mothers raising a disproportionately high number of mixed race children, if they have not suffered an even worse fate.
At DW we will put the bags together and decorate them. The Queens bag will get an apliqued rose and what we will do on the kings bag I don't know at the moment, but we will come up with something!
2. People who om like it’s an olympic sport.
1. Draw a blob/circle.
Notable tracks include Cliff's sublime cover of The Clash's 'Guns Of Brixton' which reveals the melancholy sadness that lies underneath the anger of the original and Rancid's 'Ruby Soho' which now sounds like it was recorded in Kingston circa 1971. The EP is available on iTunes and Amazon and a special 'Deluxe Pack' including vinyl, t-shirt and poster is available from Cliff's own website.
Whether you're traveling with toddlers be sure you have saved a lot, you would need inside connections with the cheap airline ticket to prague for SpiceJet Airlines cheapest flights. So why delay, go ahead and book your transfer online, you will cause permanent severe damage to your body struggles with the site been providing airport parking, I would like to think that hiring transfer services can be astounding. Do not just plump for the cheap airline ticket to pakistan of the cheap airline ticket to atlanta as early as possible because not all passengers are on a long-flight in business class or coach on a short trip and a pleasure trip. They get all the cheap airline ticket to kathmandu like shorts, t-shirts, sun tan cream, sunglasses, spare a thought for your flights.
Have a great week everyone. I will be in Charlotte for a meet & greet with a brewer from Stone on Friday night, so if you are in the area, you should come by. We have a cask of double dry-hopped IPA and a regular keg of Stone Belgo Russian Imperial Stout. You don't see that every day.
This video adult romance ebook synopsis, is presented by Laura Meets Jeffrey, a brand new romance adult ebook featuring the love and romance exploits of Laura and Jeffrey during the high flying late ’70s and early ’80s.
Whisk wet ingredients together in a bowl:
Headlights - Morning Parade
“You’re wrong,” he said, his voice filtered through the mask and more sinister for it. He didn’t move, though.
I have a feeling that I will be just as outraged as E.
Here are some problems you might run into:
- and I felt horrible! The CD that was playing was one of my favorites; Science & Faith from the script. That’s not a bad thing at all, the problem was that I had the feeling I had to wake up and go to school. This, because the CD had functioned as my alarm clock for the past few weeks. The music used to give me such a wonderful feeling, and now it had all been ruined. I just couldn’t stand it, so ever since this morning I’ve been playing the CD to remind myself of how much it was NOT my alarm clock. Luckily, after 4 repeats, I can now finally listen to it while enjoying it as much as I used to. Because music of the The Script, is simply the best music in the world!
"Oh, I'm so very sorry. I don't know we're my manners are sometimes! I really should have sniffed your behind first before assuming anything. Please forgive me?"
I am actually reading Generation X by Douglas Coupland, since next Wednesday it's the book up for discussion in the book group. I've never read it before, and I don't know why, since we've had the book in the house for years, and isn't it one of those books you really need to have read? Our copy is the early edition we bought when Coupland came to read at Manchester Waterstone's Deansgate. Its pages are laid out with the drawings and definitions of contemporary phrases positioned down the side of the text at strategic points in the story, rather than as footnotes ('CONSENSUS TERRORISM: The process that decides in-office attitudes and behaviour'). It's a lovely thing, a piece of art - which is not at all surprising, of course, since Coupland is also an artist. But what's really capturing me is, once again, the language and the insights - here's a character's description of Toronto: 'a city that when I once visited gave the efficient, ordered feel of the Yellow Pages sprung to life in three dimensions'. And the humanity: the relationships between his three thirtyish characters, friends dropping out to try and find a deeper meaning in life, are touching.
However, cloud storage is not without its limitations. Some business and/or government departments have concerns or even specific requirements around the retention of data within geographical or political regions. Some companies may insist that data is not stored in certain countries, while the likes of government departments may even insist that data is stored in within its political and legal control. Furthermore, the security of the data within the cloud itself needs to be verified before a company commits to the solution. Isolation of data from other companies and the control of access to an organisation’s data must be clearly controlled and ensured by the vendor. Finally, it must be remembered that with cloud storage, there is a dependency on the internet links and as a result there is a clear read/write performance impact that must be considered before adopting any cloud storage solution.
Daniel Craig need a wrist watch because of so many attributes. What about you ?? In order to often be a criminal, you’ll need to get your criminal gear jointly. A criminal view will arm you with a number of the gear you may need all at one time.
BOX OFFICE PERFORMANCE: Not available.
I also - admittedly - guessed that it would be part of the Guantanamo Bay bandwagon. Then I checked the website above. And guess what? Assad Baig's (or whatever his name is) ugly mug smiled back at me. Send him to Egypt or Syria - where he'll really be tortured!
Now, after nearly two decades under the gentle administrations from the greedy kleptocrats at the ruling African National Congress, the country’s crucial clinical research sector is in such serious decline that only 0,15 percent of the entire health care budget now gets allocated to health-related research and development projects – instead of the 20 percent required to help educate the next generation of clinical researchers, warns the Academy of Science of SA (ASSAF) in a little-noticed report , published on April 22.
Have you seen him? Because, seriously, I shouldn't have to explain why he's on this list. He can make a woman laugh in ANY movie he's in and his face has charm written all over it. He's even got a superhero body, which makes me want to read more comic books than ever.
chanchal asked, What are the mandatory question to be asked on peformence appraisal
Before I went to see Tim Burton’s big screen production of Dark Shadows I had read a few reviews and, honestly, they were mixed. The more positive ones stated that it was a film that contained the best and the worst of Burton’s filmmaking. There were also a lot of negative ones and many of these began with words akin to *I used to run home from school to see Dark Shadows*. My advice, if a review begins with a phrase like that, ignore it…
Don’t be afraid to add an action station for a plated dinner. Have a coffee station set up so the guests will get up and stretch and mingle, then head over to an interactive dessert station. How about offering a variety of fresh fruit for the healthy people, mini donuts for those less health conscious and then to top it off, have a chocolate fountain to cover your fruit with? Having a chef fire up some Crème Brûlée is also a great interactive dessert station. Again, consult your catering manager; they know what has been successful at their property and can make great suggestions. Chefs by nature are creative people. They really do like it when a planner says they don’t want the regular banquet menus.
Chopped pistachios
Firstly the monocoques design and manufacture is covered, with images of the tubs moulds being laid up and CAD images of the RB4 (2008) chassis and its fuel tank location. Although little is made of the fuel tank design.
Once the felt is in place, use the Mod Podge to cover the rectangle in glitter. I had to do about 3 layers. I also put a little bit of glitter on the triangle felt pieces, but not quite as much. Let that dry and you have a cute headband that can be enjoyed by citizens of Panem and others alike.
Upon completion of such task, Claus did quickly turn and touch the side of his nose. He then rose, climbed, and/or ascended up the chimney of the House to the roof, whereupon the Vehicle and Deer waited and/or served as "lookouts." Claus immediately thereafter entered the Vehicle, and departed for an unknown destination.
The question I often ask to people is what would they have done in that situation? I've been in that situation. I saw young soldiers 18, 19 years old wetting themselves and vomiting over themselves and they were only faced by some 50 raging rioters. I knew at the time that should I not step in and in the harshest possible manner diffuse the situation, anyone of those scared young men could lose it and pull a trigger out of fear and sheer nervous reaction, which could have led another massacre, but this time against rioting black soldiers, not civilians.
In early 2003, just before the Statute of Limitations would expire, the charges against the fugitive wanted in Mr. Kobayashi’s death were moved up to “Murder”.
Wipe the pan out with a paper towel, then put one of your flatbread on the bottom. Cover with half your corn mix, then as much shredded chicken as you want/have. Sprinkle a good handful of cheese over the top, and a bit of coriander if you like it, parsley if you don't.
“You drew my attention yesterday morning with the cat face on.” he said, like stating a truth he was holding in himself.
Me: And yet beer and wine are just fine.
It’s common konwledge that exercise can decrease stress. According to the Mayo Clinic, working out can cause your body to produce endorphins and boost your mood.
It is necessary to stipulate the rights to licensor improvements in the grant and to allow for their use as well. A specific provision providing for access to all improvements effected by the licensor during the period of the agreement and the right to their use is desirable from the licensee’s viewpoint. Improvements are usually subject to the same secrecy obligations imposed for the know-how and confidential information disclosed during the agreement. Improvements made by the licensee to be granted back to the licensor require a separate clause to specify how they are to be handled (see discussion on grant-back of improvements below).
“The Christian Endeavor Society may also fairly claim from the beginning to have put into practical operation the psychologist’s dictum already quoted, ‘No impression without expression.’ Long before psychology was studied except by the learned few, long before it had become a fad in certain quarters, the Society attempted to put into practice its latest philosophy, and recognized the vital importance of religious activity to supplement and round out religious instruction.
After some thinking and staring at the wall I knew exactly what I wanted to do!
One thing I found was that Romanians love dogs (OK not all of them, just the ones with dogs!!!) and when I was walking with Golden I would see a neighbor or someone I didn’t know in the street and they would walk up to me with a beaming smile…. Walk past me, totally ignoring me and then hug our beagle and start speaking to him. It actually did make feel a bit insecure when people would rather speak to my dog instead of me. In fact most people would know Golden’s name but not mine. During the doggy walk people would walk past and say “Ce faci Golden”? Although expecting him to reply “bine”
The Silicon Swamp is not a big city. While it's not really possible to see one from our back porch, on the right kind of night it's possible to see the lights of the big city from the back porch, though. (Those nights are are marked by a cloud deck over the whole state, typically around the passage of a cold front.) I say that so you know we don't have a really good gun and sporting goods shop like Bass Pro or Cabelas* here in town. The nearest Bass Pro is over "in the big city" and is a 2 1/2 hour round trip, not including time in the store. There's a Gander Mountain another hour farther away, so I've never been there.
Naturally, we could argue that literature is underpinned by the type of architecture that could well serve as a template for would-be writers. For Alice..., read similar books such as Peter Pan, The Secret Garden and The Jungle Book. Talking animals already made up the bulk of stories in ancient times, with even a moral thrown in at the end for good measure. Woods have rarely shed their image as the ominous sign where "things happened" (sometimes bad ones, ask Hansel and Gretel and Little Red Riding Hood, for instance). In fact you could even say that literature is governed by narrative patterns that attempt to pin down our infinite human experience into the equivalent of ready-made meals, therefore creating a limited variety of plots. The city that is in danger and needs a hero to rescue it (The Pied Piper of Hamelin), the woman who is in love with a man her parents disapprove of (Romeo and Juliet) But a verbatim replica like The Italian Job (the original, a 1969 cinematic vehicle with Michael Caine and Noel Coward, the "modern" version from 2003 with Mark Wahlberg and Donald Sutherland, transported to L.A. and minus Caine's iconic "You're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off!")? No.
Luther offended the pope and other Church leaders even more when he refused to recant. Luther was told to appear before a council for trial. Luther’s friends told him not to go, and they reminded him of John Huss. Luther went even though he knew that he could be executed. He wasn’t executed.
But the idea of a stroboscopic light-bay opening up in the base of an aircraft and illuminating scenes of human prehistory from above is breathtaking—as if dropping illuminative ordnance into a world of darkness, far below. Indeed, as a photographic technique, pinpoint-flashes of high-powered aerial lighting would also be something well worth exploring in other archaeo-architectural contexts, from Angkor Wat to the Spiro Mounds. Light-bomb archaeology.
Confession: Dan and I are massive Pointless nerds. Dan usually watches it while I'm getting ready for work, which often results in my getting v. sidetracked from the getting ready. If we've nothing to watch, we'll iPlayer an episode we've not seen. We might have secret aspirations to be contestants on there. In lieu of that, though, I managed to get us tickets to see it being filmed!
A message that travels across the ocean to it’s destination..
After leaving education, I worked with the Citizens Advice Bureau service for many years. I loved how any member of the public could come in and get support with any issue. Many people thought that the CAB was part of the Government for some reason but nope, they were and are a charity doing rather fabulous things day in and day out. Helping clients with debt, welfare benefits, housing, employment, family and other issues. If you want my big tip on life, always check out your rights and responsibilities with the CAB every time life throws a little change your way. It is FREE and confidential.
For this week’s challenge, you have to write a letter of apology in exactly 33 words. Addresses, salutations, closings, etc. (should you wish to include them) do not count in the 33 words.
My school offers weekly two-hour evening classes, and in the two classes so far we have covered the basics of ‘What’s your name?’ ‘What’s your surname?’ ‘I’m English. And you?’ ‘I’m a teacher/student.’ I am one of two students, and we have a native speaker teacher, who also speaks English. Outside class, I thought I should practice what I preach and find some extra things to help me study, in addition to the materials our teacher gives us. I have started compiling a list of the resources I’ve found, and if anyone has any others to recommend, please let me know. My three favourites are currently:
In addition, by shutting the site down and arguing that all data can be destroyed, the authorities are destroying evidence and ignoring the constitutional rights of the millions of US citizens who stored data on Megaupload.
The other important piece of takeaway information was that law enforcement is always looking to create a triangle, connecting the victim, the suspect, and the crime scene.
He was dumped in the holding cells of Westonaria police station for 'public drunkenness', said constable Lienkie Lefekane 'for the obligatory four-hour drying out period. Olivier, claimed Lefekane, was then "discovered hanging in his cell when police officers checked on him." The police did not say whether Olivier was in the cell alone that Tuesday-night.
What do you like about your place?
It's Monday and I hope you all had a special holiday weekend. I was lucky enough to get a bit of crafting--it's about time right!
The worst thing about learning the A to Z of the CST (Customer Service Toolkit) is the bloomin' TLA's (that's three letter acronyms to you.)
Other mushroom extracts that have been shown to have clinical effectiveness
Plunked them
I made chilled somen for myself, topped with kanimi and eaten dipped in sesame dressing. I've included recipe for the sesame dressing below, it is really fast and easy to make, and goes well with chilled ramen, soba and udon too. :)
The police have taken a hands-off approach towards the latest rally with DBKL taking the lead role as it runs the square. The city authorities have just evicted a group of activists calling themselves Occupy Dataran this week, two weeks after they set up a daily camp there.
Wait, where was I?
“So, how’re you doing?”
Whisk the egg into the milk and add to mix. Stir all up and put in cake tin.
Open up the top of the model and round out the bottom as far as possible.
Says a top Telugu producer, “The Tamil and Telugu film industries today command markets that have challenged some big Bollywood films. This is one reason why heroines too make an equally big factor for these films.”
Good Monday morning everyone! I do hope that you have had a wonderful weekend.
You’ll miss the mark
I already had letters from a different project that I made when she was little. It was time to take that one apart and make a NEW project, so I painted them hot pink and hot glued them right on! I thought at this point, I was finished....but I was totally wrong. I hated it that it looked so plain. Needed something else. But what?
Hope you enjoyed my super quickie card! I love Easter!!! For the Christian, it is at the very heart of our faith and hope, in that since Jesus arose from the dead, victorious over death, we too will be given everlasting life! Death is not to be feared, because if we know Him as our Savior we know we will be with Him eternally! What an awesome and joyous thought! I am wishing YOU Easter JOY!
There is almost a darkly comic aspect to watching Roy getting roused from his stasis by the distant sound of music (particularly from his neighbour, the noveau riche moneylender Ganguli, who represents the modern expedient aristocracy poised to replace Roy). In a series of moves to rival Ganguli, Roy tries to upstage his rival with rousing Indian classical performances of song and ballet. But in doing so, he guts his own remaining funds including his wife's jewels.
Louvre
My reply:
Thanks for visiting my Blog. Please feel free to leave a comment and/or check one of the reaction boxes. I would love to hear what you have to say. I appreciate all feedback good or bad and hope you can stop back soon. ((Hugs)) Lori
Gained: 2.2 lbs.
If it has a paper backing and requires you to peel & stick or rub it on it is time to clean it up and organize it.
These malty sweet offerings tend to be a favorite winter seasonal. Big malt presence, both in flavor and body. The color ranges from brownish-reds to nearly pitch black. Hop bitterness is generally low, leveled and balanced, but hop character can be pronounced. Alcohol warmth is not uncommon. Many English versions contain no spices, though some brewers of spiced winter seasonal ales will slap "Winter Warmer" on the label. Those that are spiced, tend to follow the "wassail" tradition of blending robust ales with mixed spices, before hops became the chief "spice" in beer. American varieties may have a larger presence of hops both in bitterness and flavor.
“Yes, of course,” Bernie said stroking the long grey tassels of his mustache. “You’ll feel better once you know she is safe.”
4.Laura Henton / I Can Tell The World About This
Magic City Stomp by Lee Bains & The Glory Fires
At dawn he appeared again in the temple courts, where all the people gathered around him, and he sat down to teach them. The teachers of the law and the Pharisees brought in a woman caught in adultery. They made her stand before the group and said to Jesus, “Teacher, this woman was caught in the act of adultery. In the Law Moses commanded us to stone such women. Now what do you say?”
We Irish love to own our own homes and at 75%, have one of the highest home-ownership rates in Europe. We’re also a fairly conservative people. Marry the two traits together and we become a building insurer’s dream. And most of us hand over the best part of €1,000 each year to insure our homes and their contents.
But many other sequences are merely filmed recreations (complete with some obvious CGIs) that serve merely as moments in this man's life. It's a little like flipping through a deck of cards - when you're finished, what did you accomplish? When you think about the way that Eastwood told the heartbreaking story of Japanese and American soldiers in Letters from Iwo Jima (2006), you can hardly believe this is the same filmmaker.
MY LOVE TO ALL IN AMERICA
But why?
A) It’s not the right to make other people live by the tenets of your religion
Signed everything she put in front of him.
Texas middle and high school authors and illustrators are encouraged to register with SPOT's Texas Author and Illustrator Directory. Note: you qualify if you currently live in Texas, have lived in Texas in the past or have created a Texas setting/topic book.
And 'tho sometimes to his neighbors, his tales became a joke, all his comrades listened, for they know whereof he spoke.
No french toast?
6 The San Francisco Chronicle on a girl with a funny talent. Some people can wiggle their ears. Others can cross their eyes or whistle like a bird. And then there’s a girl named Sarah whose funny talent is especially entertaining—and unique. The 13-year-old from Sydney, Australia, can make her eyebrows dance. Sarah, whose last name and back story are unknown, posted a video of herself performing impressive eyebrow dance moves to music last week and became an Internet sensation in a matter of days. Her YouTube video, “Girl with a Funny Talent,” has been viewed more than 7 million times.
“And only sometimes can be met similar men. Most of them had developed this property in past lives — perhaps in the women’s bodies. Or they were specifically trained in the respective spiritual schools or religious groups, led by psychologists.
But on the other hand, I never have a problem coming up with some little pearl of wisdom I’ve figured out about life for my kids, or a well-thought out solution to a problem my husband presents to me, or even something to write about in my blog. My symptom has now become a full-fledged characteristic, but this little lesson has shown me not to think I’m the one accomplishing God’s work. He’s just using my weaknesses as He tends to do with all of His servants…
He made a final adjustment and sat up, stretching his back, as somewhere far away a sad young girl remembered how to smile. The clocks around him burst into life, cuckoos calling the hour across a dozen melodies that clashed yet harmonised, and Grandfather Time reached for the next broken heart that needed repair.
So, here comes the difficult part...I decided to switch my blog domain to Smitten By A Promise. I have put A LOT of money and giveaways into Family fashion and facts and to switch was a bit devastating... I had to make a new Facebook page and loosing over 500 fans was hard. BUT I have some amazing friends promoting for me which is REALLY encouraging :)
musing over time
This is where it becomes a much bigger problem. I am going to assume that Rakofsky did not receive the Order declaring him ineligible when he attacked the defendants for correctly stating he is ineligible to practice in New Jersey, rather than knowingly making false statements to a court. However, the false statements could be construed as having been made recklessly because the information is readily available online were he to simply check the Notices to the Bar from time to time. (ProTip to young New Jersey lawyers reading this: check the Notices to the Bar from time to time).
Take a look at our Pixie inspiration, using images from the Breeze collection being released today:
At least during all this time I have been taking pictures and videos, so I do have quite a backlog to work with. But we will put that aside for future posts and jump ahead to the recent Easter holiday weekend this past weekend. It was a great time. My wonderful mother-in-law and sister-in-law came to visit, play with the kids, and keep this temporarily single mommy sane. And I must give photo credit where it is due. My mother-in-law provided all the pictures in the first half of the post and I want to say THANKS! I did Easter Sunday.
Cream together the butter, brown sugar and cinnamon until well mixed and smooth.
Asian Age Correspondent
I admit, I read the Twilight books with joy at one point. The first book came out when I was still in middle school, and my pubescent-self loved it. I started to have doubts once I got to the second book, and the third book didn’t help any. By the time the fourth emerged, I really could not be surprised by the ridiculous disappointments anymore.
The title page for the 5 different types of tour have had the photos and descriptions updated. All photos optimised for the web.
Is there a reason why kids just can't come knowing how to sleep, how to poop in the toilet and with a full set of teeth, I mean the whole teething thing sucks too...don't even get me started on that bull shit.
Me (pshaw): Yea, right…..that is so lame. No one likes eyes!
This morning she finally lost her battle. I know she had reached a point where she had had enough, and the only consolation is that she is now at peace.
I was lucky to win Teddy Bo recent Blog Hop prize, so watch this space some new cards we be coming with the new digis of Teddy Bo, don't you just love this bear.
Michelle Baharier, chief executive of CoolTan Arts, a mental health charity in Elephant and Castle, said: “This is just criminal. It is going to isolate people because they can’t afford to use public transport on benefits.
* Why don't you voluntarily go to court and show South African police suspicions are wrong?
Quiet apart from these anomalies, there is good basis in the language of Act No. 671 for the inference that the National Assembly restricted the life of the emergency powers of the President to the time the Legislature was prevented from holding sessions due to enemy action or other causes brought on by the war. Section 3 provides:
A few weeks ago I stumbled upon Polyvore and I want to know where has this site been all my life? I know that it has been around for some time, but I would have loved to have found this site years ago. I guess the good thing is that I have now found it and I cannot wait to start creating different looks.
We still haven't met our human neighbours on our left hand side, but we have met our neighbour on the right hand side. A rather pleasant fellow with 31 years of allotment experience, he has 2 plots and has very traditional growing methods. He is full of advice and is also kean to encourage people to try something new. He grows grapes for wine and has given almost every single tenant on the site a grape vine he has cultivated himself. I have one on my plot that was given to the last holder of plot 114.
1. Place chicken in a baking dish, skin side up. Place one slice of lemon and one clove of garlic on the top of each piece. Sprinkle with rosemary and salt and pepper. Drizzle everything with the lemon juice and olive oil.
I used two cans of coconut milk, quarter cup fish sauce, 2-3 tablespoons of besan (mixed in water), some more water, sugar and salt to make my soup. It takes about 15-20 minutes of temperature-controlled cooking to finish making the soup.
I watched the video -- to be honest, I may have watched it more than once. Brooklyn's part was OK, I guess -- if you're into that sort of thing -- but what grabbed my attention was the music.
Actually, not that long at all. Witchfinder had a very smooth writing period. In fact, I wrote like a man possessed! Most of my books take about 9 months to complete, from first draft to final copyedit. This book just wanted to be written as quickly as possible. I loved the central idea, I was intrigued by the characters, the concepts, the possibilities. I’d wake up at 2am, fixated by a certain character or scenario, and would rush to my study and boot up the computer. I’d write until dawn, sleep a couple of hours, and be back at the PC as soon as I opened my eyes. This has really been the most pleasurable writing experience in my life, and I think that sense of pace and excitement comes over in the finished book.
It's hard to miss a man for two weeks,
This is a first installment of this exploration. Having devoted what I might once have described as my good years to hyper-vigilance, I know its investigation is not an off-the-top-of-my-head activity. I wanted to open the door for my own thoughts to wander through and invite others who, like Jayne, have grown weary of watching the horizon for ghost ships.
Jefferson and Civil Liberties: The Darker Side, Leonard Levy
2. Library Thing- This one is similar to Goodreads and I admit I don't use it as much but they also give away books through their Early Reviewers program and for that, they make my list.
Well, camera phone has come a long way from its first inception. I don’t bring along the big camera today as it was too misty and very unlikely to get good pictures. But the camera phone is light and convenient. In some ways I think the pictures are better taken than the ones taken with the other camera.
I have mentioned before that I learn more about the real world by wandering around paying attention to what is going on around this 4 acre property than I have up until now in my life. I was throwing out my tuna/carrot/lardy goodness cakes (to keep me getting spammed by the Chinese-New Zealanders about just who invented pikelets/fritters…) to the waiting throng of chooks, sparrows and feral cats below whilst passing morsels sideways to the waiting dogs, when I started to notice interesting societal things about our little ecosystem we call Serendipity Farm. The cats have had to learn to get along with the chooks because it became pretty obvious that if you stalk a chook you get a piece of wood thrown at you. Not only do the cats not attack the chooks (apart from the odd fluff ball that doesn’t stay close to mum and who disappears “somewhere” in the ether) but they are actively afraid of them! This is NOT normal. Chooks are supposed to be afraid of cats but on Serendipity Farm where nature gazes from below up at a benefactor with attitude they learned pretty soon that the cats were not going to mess with them and have turned from terrified cat snacks into bullies who will steal food from the cats mouths. How out of whack are we?! From the very first group of 8 point of lay chooks that we bought last year and that chased a terrified Felix down the pathway in blatant avian angst our chooks have attained a level of induced fear that would rival a biker gang in human terminology. They strut…they peck…even Pingu runs into the throng of cats and delivers savage blows to the top of their hissing heads should they dare to even LOOK at her. Our chooks are more dangerous than our dogs! Forget Bezial and Earl any burglars out there… you would be sneaking into the danger zone the moment you stepped onto the property. Be afraid… be VERY afraid!
But Sanal Edamaruku spoilt this prospect. Within minutes, he clearly identified the source of the water (a drainage near a washing room) and the mechanism how it reached Jesus feet (capillary action). The local church leaders, present during his investigation, were far from pleased. See the investigation in detail on YouTube.
So . . . the Christmas weekend is here!! Are you excited? MP let slip (he loves that!) that he has a couple of presents to put under the tree, and I'm all flustered in my eagerness for the fun morning to get here. Presents! I don't know about you, but I love wrapped things. I'm not one for big presents at all--I enjoy my Christmas best when the gifts are laid back and whimsical--but I certainly love ripping into things. And I wonder what he'll think about his gift!
I think I'm going to withdraw my consent to be taxed by the Federal Government after this. Bank of America, as we have previously discussed, is exposed on Over-The-Counter forward contracts to the tune of $75 TRILLION, which is more than FIVE TIMES the total economic output of the United States in one year.
I hung up and another thought entered my mind. If I had found a lost mail on a road or a sidewalk, I would have taken it to the closest mailbox and mailed it. So, in an improbable scenario where a stranger finds and mails my lost letter, Quill would receive the check which would mean that Quill and me would have to pay penalty for attempting to deposit a cancelled check. No good.
Probably more. Everything falls to me, so I have to make sure I step it up. All the meals, clean-up, diaper changes, bedtimes, dog walking, locking down the house so the killer doesn't get me, etc.... I'm the only one.
We went to a few garage sales on Friday but skipped the auction. Just too much going on and we really do not need the merchandise. We have plenty for our next sale, which will be at the little Shelton Suburb called Matlock. Just a wide spot in the road really but they have “The Old Timer’s Fair” every year and it attracts thousands of visitors. My sister, Dixie has been setting up her antiques and collectables booth for many years and managed to procure a space for us. It should be a lot of fun.
Root adds that he was, "Class of '83 political science, pre-law" and says, "You don't get more exact or closer than that. Never met him in my life, don't know anyone who ever met him."
The nurse was nice enough, that is until she gave me a strep throat test. Have you ever had a strep throat test before? If not, I'll give you a quick little run down... first they take the tongue supressor (aka a giant popsicle stick) and force your tongue down as they tell you to say "Ahhhhhhhh." Then, while you're distracted, they sneakily take out a giant stick with a Q-tip at the end and jab it at the back of your throat. repeatedly. for fun.
Gosh Velvet Touch Eyeliner, Black Ink
My first Golden Pints awards. It seems a long way back to the start of the year so these awards may seem a little second-half centric.
On a hot day in Richmond its so nice to be able to dash into any store and enjoy their air conditioning ... and how I love the marble floors in Saks, so handy for a super quick cool down ... and the sofa at Anthropology, let's just say its a good place for a quick nap or to hang with dad when mom disappears for hours (or so it feels like) ... and to all the shoppe keepers who know me by name and offer me treats, love ya!
Time:4:40pm-6:40pm
Lt. Cmdr. Eric Allen Cranford, 32, Drexel, N.C.
It seems like it could potentially be a neat marketing technique for authors (though I’m not sure people would ever read it unless they were already fans of the book or movie. Maybe it would get them prepped for a sequel?). I see how they could catch on, or quickly become annoying. What
Ok I'm sure you've all had an awkward moment where you felt like you just wanted to melt or you wanted out of that situation ASAP. Lately I have been feeling like the queen of awkward. Allow me to enumerate just a few instances.
By then, it would be too late for the Malays to wake up from their slumber.
Like all the resources and product highlights I do on this blog, unless I state otherwise (and I will always do so), the opinions I'm sharing are my own and I am not paid to endorse any retailer or product. I don't claim to know what's going on with this retailer, nor have I done my own independent research into this issue. I'm just happy that my post has become a place for disappointed customers to connect with one another and hopefully find resolution.
Me: "Yep, he will be"
Dear Lord and Father, I praise You and rejoice at Your Word that has made me realize Your eternal plans of success, prosperity, progress and victory for my life. I’m grateful to know that You’ve already ordained me to a life of victory and triumph, in Jesus Christ Name! Amen!
No Lying!!!Share
8 Person tag match is up now….Mexican America taking on The Pope, Devon, Miss Hancock, and Tara.
‘Sadly, no!’ I replied. ‘What with all my novels and gossip and crochet, there’s no time left over for ferns.’
3. Bring to the boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low and cover. The liquid should simmer at the merest blip; use a heat diffuser/tamer mat if necessary. Cook for 2 hours, stirring occasionally to prevent the rice from sticking to the bottom of the pot and scorching. The rice will have "blossomed" (the grains will have swelled and split). Remove the chicken and set aside. Continue cooking the congee for another 1 hour, stirring occasionally, until it is thick, creamy and almost smooth. Taste; season with more salt to taste if necessary.
Since it's the giving season.... The Doc was trolling some of Jeff's old posts. Going back to the 2006 Holiday Beer season. In keeping with our ongoing banter, Doc submits these Beervana treats of beer evaluation. Who loved ya baby! ;-)
Indeed God has many reasons for the church, the body of Christ to be on earth for truly He is working in mysterious ways, working out the administration of His secret purpose.
For a bear, there is no substantive difference - that sacred, fêted difference - between a corporate supermarket and a locally owned grocery store. There are places with doors unsubstantially secured and there are places with things to eat, and from time to time, those places are one and the same.
I researched this and prayed about this for close to a month. I asked for two signs from God, very specific signs from God that he would reveal to me if it was the truth or not. The first sign I asked for was that if it was true God would keep it from raining on Saturday. There was a big storm supposed to come through that day. God held back the storm. He stalled it until shortly after midnight. It did not rain that day but the rain came on Sunday instead. Then I asked for another sign a week or so in advance. I had no clue what the forecast was saying. I asked that God would make it rain at least two days that week. It rained Thursday, Friday and Saturday, then on Sunday the sun came up and everything dried out. It was amazing to see this considering that I asked for rain at least two days and it rained two and a half days until about sunset on Saturday around the time Jesus Christ arose from the dead.
ND - What it’s all about is letting the situation try and become clearer and there’s so much uncertainty and speculation about what’s really going on that, I think, to make decisions in a vacuum of information is never wise and what we need to do is to try and see what is emerging from Ibrox and try and come up with a set of rules that are right for all twelve clubs and not just for one club.
Next time she comes in, I am going to kill that witch with kindness! That’s really the only thing I can think to do. It constantly surprises me when people are rude to customer service people. You want help? Don’t be rude to the people that are going to help you!
Yeah I’m calling about your ad, call me. If you will, give me a call. Thank you. I’ll
Les sous-diacres coiffés d'un feutre en lampion
The batter of purple-bruised berries
Actually, he had plenty of commitment, but it was more focused on Nicole's best friend back home now that Nicole was no longer in town.
I began a few years ago reaching out to publishers and saying we collectively needed to understand that the old models were dead or dying. I want publishing to survive, and of course I'd like my own career to thrive. So Egmont Publishing and my partners and I certainly hope this is a part of the future of publishing.
Willis Allen Ray was born in 1871, and Robert Jackson Ray in 1873.
Also, you may want to refresh the idea of cognitive dissonance which I described a while back in this post.
Cultural food stores are pretty sparsely distributed in Ontario, and are mainly concentrated in extremely large cities like Toronto, Ottawa, and in Asian-land (Markham and Scarborough). I attend university in a fairly tiny town and we only have one dinky Asian food market that sells frozen meats and very little produce and snacks.
I marvel that ye are so soon removed from Him, that called you into the grace of Christ, for another gospel. For this is not another; but there are some who trouble you and would pervert the Gospel of Christ. (Gal. 1:6-7)
you’ve made available to partake of Your
Becky gasped and spun from the bookshelf to find herself face to face with the lord of the manor. She stammered as she fished for an appropriate excuse. Truth be known, she should not have been traipsing about the house at this hour, let alone on a mission to borrow one of the library’s books. She would be dismissed before she’d even had a chance to begin.
I you know an Australian MacDougall, then you may have heard their unofficial motto. The official motto is “victory or death”, although throughout history, Macdougalls have not been so good at either. Bronny pokes her tongue out at Tim The motto that Tim’s family uses is “that will come in handy one day”. It took over 7 months to move out of their farm. Purchased in 1937, there was already a room that had never been used in Tim’s lifetime because it was full of stuff. Cousins turned up who Tim had never met to collect stuff from the farm as they moved. Want a 1943 harvestor? Sure, come on over.
I also want to spell out here again that the “go ahead” that is talked about is not the ability of someone else to say “go”. Ironically enough that go ahead is deceitfully gained from the victim. What is commonly understood here is this. “If they are a criminal with a loaded gun and a key to my house then they can kill me”. In the mind that constitutes permission! As incredible as it sounds the reality is that what we hold in mind with conviction is the potent force. We have been lead to believe that someone else can just do x, y or z. They can’t. One of the real problems here is fear itself. In its early stage, fear makes us highly perceptive but at the same time far less discriminative. The reason is that the brain rationalizes its fuel resources and gives priority to those areas that need the most fuel. But that is not all. Our attention is focused on finding evidence, thus we are not in a thinking mode. Indeed in intense fear where the source of the danger has not or cannot be determined the thinking area of the brain (the executive function) remains inoperative while the person waits for information in order to determine what to do next. Thus that early stage of fear is a blind spot. However when you know this you can voluntarily invoke the executive function back into action, maybe not always fully, but enough.
Anyway, hope everyone had a great thanksgiving!
It has been a long week with little time for training… So what have I been up to?
CBS reports that the rain is part of a massive nor-Easter chugging its way up the Eastern coast -- a "huge storm that could impact at least one-third of the nation, from Florida to Maine, and potentially as far west as Michigan." The same storm battered Orlando, Fl., with "golf ball-sized hail" and heavy winds which knocked down trees and power.
Between statelessness and Westphalian sovereignty you apparently get inflatable architecture, instant cities on the carceral edge between two systems of power: "As the Bush administration gets tougher on illegal immigration and increases its spending on enforcement," the New York Times reported last week, "some of the biggest beneficiaries may be the companies that have been building and running private prisons around the country."
The article also got me thinking about the people who've helped ensure outdoor life, an appreciation for this province and its peoples, and the willingness to learn and share new ideas and facts are part of my nature. So, I'd like to take a time-out from my usual blog fair of coyote tracks, owls, and wild-fungus-foraging to say some thank-yous.
Grace and Brian are the happiest people you'll ever meet. There's never a time where they don't have a smile on their faces. They were dating for 5 years when they went on a trip to Africa with Brian's family and that's where Brian proposed last year. His parents live in the Landfall neighborhood in Wilmington, NC, and Grace immediately knew she wanted to have their wedding in the area. They were married in the Kenan Chapel in Landfall and the reception was held at Brian's parents house. The decor and florals were done by Salt Harbor Designs. Grace's dress was from J. Crew. The band was the Bibis Ellison band (amazing!). Cocktail hour was held in the front yard complete with Bocci and Croquet. It was a beautiful location. Glass balls with tea lights hung from the trees. Then the reception moved to the backyard. Everyone danced under a brick patio with string lights with the band played. There was a dessert bar for the guests. There was also a poolside sitting area ... Beautiful paths, gardens, fountains, and little sitting areas made up this beautiful backyard on the waterway. Grace wore purple flats so it was easy to dance the night away! Then at the end of the night they left to a sparkler exit.
And as is often the case in our house it started a family discussion.
Mayall: (Laughs) Poor darling tosser!
Behind the wall of your fears,
Stumblebus (Redux)
So I go out to the yard and relieve and no sooner than I do that than the control center calls over the radio and says "Return all inmates to their housing units immediately and prepare for count!"
Surprisingly to some, this scenario isn’t a hypothetical about Obama, but is a recounting of Reagan’s first two years in office.
So go run to your closet and search through what your drawn to. Is it neutrals, a favorite color, animal print? Let that be a starting point to design your room around.
Tammie
HERRIDGE: In a radio interview with FOX, former CIA Director Michael Hayden said there is no question the CIA program including waterboarding laid the foundation for bin Laden’s capture.
But the good news is that it is easier for an author-illustrator to find an agent--there are more agents out there who are willing to represent author-illustrators because you won’t be splitting royalties. And picture book editors tend to favor author-illustrators because their work sells a little better.
You can also use your trade in as collateral on a car loan by offering them a pink slip as your down payment. Be aware that unless you vehicle is owned by you and in good condition, you might not be able to get all you need for that new car purchase. Take some time to consider all the options carefully.
Grammar: No, this is not the gal married to Grampar. It's the good ol' parts of speech, sentence structure, and all the lovely rules about capitalization and double negatives and how ain't ain't a word cuz teacher says it ain't.
"Look." I say, "We know the situation, but there is nothing we can do."
The process of turning our kitchen into what it is now versus what it used to be has been a really good learning experience for us. Mostly, I’ve realized that I don’t need a huge kitchen like the ones we always see in the magazines. While I would have preferred for this kitchen to be more open, the number of drawers and cupboard space is just about perfect for us. I think I would get lost in a huge kitchen and not remember where everything is.
Jesus is Lord! Fried Pies 49 cents! Chilli is finally walking!
Selby: Okay. But just so you know.
"In a lengthy phone conversation, Black told ABC 4 that it was 'an honor' to see the concert and an, 'extraordinary act of goodwill.' He also told us a conversation has been started between the gay community and the Church and that, 'both sides are trying to find common ground.' ABC 4 News is also being told that the Church has met previously with both Black and Bastian, one of the founders of WordPerfect. This, reportedly, to get more information about gay issues."The Church issued a vague statement to its members and the media regarding the gay activist's attendance: "The Church frequently extends invitations to social events to community leaders representing a variety of views, beliefs and organizations." However, ABC4 reports that this invitation is the start of what may be a larger outreach from the Church towards the gay community, which could include "helping to provide homeless gay youths with shelter and support."
Back home from Scotland, a place I normally avoid for fear of being nipped by icy breezes and accosted by intoxicated natives. It was only the lure of a cultural festival featuring artists such as Miss Behave, Mrs Bang and Ms American Cougar that tempted me to venture into Haggis Territory.
7) I haven't been blogging much, or visiting other peoples blogs. And I definitely need to do more blog hopping, I miss my peeps too much. Although having the chance to meet some in person has totally rocked. :)
I just want to dress it up with fun jewelry!!
Cloak beckoned. I met him in front of a pane of icy black glass, my companions reflections uncannily clear and visible, while mine remained lost and unseen.
Growing up, I didn't have a very sophisticated palate. In fact, I knew no other foods besides my mother's cooking and the occasional restaurant outing. The only "ethnic" foods I ate were Italian and Jewish, both cooked by my mother (and exceptionally, I might add). I guess you could say I was a very picky eater, liking only foods I was familiar with.
It has been some time since I looked at a keyboard that didn’t make music. It can be easy, or difficult, to explain the reasons behind a hiatus. I suppose that depends on your command over your first language, your command over sign language, or your capacity to point at things while re-arranging your eyebrows.
Yesterday marked the 6th anniversary of my dad’s passing. Needless to say, it was a rough one. Not because I miss him or because he was taken away from us too early, but because he never had a chance to be the man I knew he could be.
So what did this taste like? Honestly in many ways it tasted like movie theater popcorn with alot of butter. The butter is what you taste first and then you get the sticky salty bites of the fish roe and finally you are left with the flavors of the actual roe (slightly fishy). Yes it gets in your molars and yes you will continue to taste that roe so if you aren’t into bottarga, this might be a bit intense for you. I loved it.
I think it's time to update my bucket list and review my year in detail. Only then will I be able to see what 2012 might hold for me.
I’m having lunch all week with different UK editors—some in the children’s world and some in the adult world. I’ll start blogging about any interesting tidbits I discover tomorrow. I didn’t want there to be too much distance between when I discussed Janice’s original query and the letter I submitted to Donna. We had actually talked about this project a month or two before I submitted it. If memory serves, I was sitting at Donna’s table at Book Expo when I first pitched her this project.
“When problems arise in my life, I know I need to work on my art.” – I think Julia Cameron said that.
Gordon Matta-Clark (1 silver dye bleach print and 1 film, 1974, 1978)
I drove back to Texas on Saturday, 12 hours straight, luckily not that much traffic. I would like to kindly request that the Oklahoma Turnpike Authority please either man the toll booths on the Creek Tollway around Tulsa or have it so that the fucking change machines WORK! I mean, seriously, I would pay the tolls if you made it possible for me to, but with toll booths that are exact change only, me not having change and you guys not having change machines that work...what the hell am I supposed to do? Yeah, I had to run the toll booth. I've never done that before. HOWEVER..... I did pay for the one I had to run at the next opportunity, where there was actually a person available. I am evil, but not a thief.
MSPs rejected Ms Macdonald's last attempt to legalise physician-assisted suicide and euthanasia in Scotland recognizing that such a move would seriously endanger public safety. Instead they sent a ringing endorsement to making the very best palliative care widely available and accessible.
My 365 project is falling way way by the wayside. I have the photos you know, I just need to catalog and upload… time consuming to say the least.
On October 27, 2011, the euro zone leaders said they would bail out Greece, with European banks taking a 50% haircut off the value of their loans to Greece. This means Greece has technically defaulted on its debt. I believe Spain is next. Italy is not far behind.
For those of you that have not seen this film, SEE THIS FILM! I had heard the name for years, as well as the lauditory comments made about Peter O'Toole's performance, but until I watched it I had no idea what I was missing. This film is the ultimate "epic". The scope of the story, the music, the scenes, the acting; it's all so huge and so beautiful, it just wraps you up, and you don't want to be let go. While the first part of this film (before the intermission) is admittedly better than the second, upon subsequent viewings, the second part gets better and better.
“It’s now nearly two years since David Cameron promised change for Britain.
This is a great "musing" and one that I am making my motto for 2012! I feel like I spent most of last year worrying about the things that don't matter and it took a toll on the things that do, family and friends. I have a tendency to stress out about every last thing at work which can be good sometimes but it can't be every minute of my life. I have made a resolution to keep work at work. No more email alerts, which keeps me from checking my phone after I get home. No more responding to client's text messages after work hours (which in turn creates an expectation that you are always available which we obviously can't be). Ok, sorry for the rant!
Saturday: Spaghetti and (Store-Bought :-/ ) Tomato Sauce
Even breath could not conceal the heart’s deepest membrane.
This lovely Yellow plant is called Sweet Broom, it smells just like my Winter honeysuckle. They both share a yummy citrus scent... The cashier at the Homedepot warned me that Sweet Broom can quickly become an enormous bush!.... I had intended to buy two of them but, put one back after her warning Lol!...
7. Odds are very good you’ll win a great (tax-free) door prize.
And it turns out that my sister is brilliant.
We didn't want to leave the happy little town, but the Kinderhotel beckoned. We got back in the car where Coco promptly threw up on herself. I tried to get most of it in an Air France barf bag, but she kept batting the bag away like, "Oooh, I'm so darn mad at that bag."
Wooo hooo, I got the media chest instead of the tall one ! I can’t wait till they deliver.
More busy than ever, I find I am hunched over my computer for hours at a time. In researching my exhaustion I have learned that all this computer time has lead to a diaphragm that is restricted which has lead to shallow breathing and less oxygen to my brain. Not good for a creative type like me— I need oxygen! I need energy! I need bright ideas!
When the last company I worked for created a human resources department, the new HR manager decided that she needed to foster a 'team' culture. Weekly meetings were set up, with the most excrutiatingly embarrassing team-building activities: "Okay, today I want you to write what each person's strengths and weaknesses are on a post-it note and stick it up on the wall..." (apparently I was 'friendly' and 'polite').
Would you like me to invest that for you? lol
3. Choose 5 other blogs deserving of the Liebster.
My girls live in New York and we love stalking the elusive bargain, meal or objet. I am convinced that if I lived here, I would be thin like everybody else. When I raise my hand to hail a cab, the girls berate me: "Mom!! it's only 20 blocks!" Needless to say, I have blisters. I've managed to clock months here, thanks to the kindness of family and friends, so I want to include a round-up of some of our favorite haunts.
My dad called at 5:30pm from the Grand Avenue Parkway. For those of you who don't know Houston, it's the outermost of the three loops encircling the city. Figuring the Katy Freeway (I-10) would be a parking lot, they headed out Westheimer only to come to a standstill before even leaving the greater Houston area. Having traveled only 22 miles in 11 hours, they decided to turn around and try again tomorrow.
For the something that made life blessed,
And so this is what the end feels like. It is despair. It is loneliness. It is a black and dark and cold abyss. I don’t know if I’ll find my way out of it any time soon. I am praying to be carried through it. I am praying for a life line, or at the very least, a light to guide me. I don’t like this. It’s not me. I’m cheerful and loving and caring and beautiful, and this has turned my world upside down. I’ve stepped through the Looking Glass and don’t know how to get back home.
She didn’t say good morning, how are you doing, go to heck,
Despite promising so much at the 1985 Word Festival SMAP eventually died a slow death. The problems that plague editors of small magazines were compounded with SMAP. The main movers behind SMAP were magazine editors who suddenly found themselves not only juggling employment commitments, editing, funding, producing and distributing a small literary magazine but also attempting to set up an Australia-wide lobby group of small presses and even examining proposals for a national small press distribution network. In retrospect it is not a surprise that SMAP collapsed, but that it got so far along the track, with virtu­ally no support from the federal or state arts bodies, before the wheels fell off.
Your colour this month - Dandelion
Have we unwittingly aligned ourselves with the “Political Jews”, those Greek Jews of the Chanukah story against the very hero’s we so revere?
I'd have fun with my friends, cover emotions with laughter and being the funny girl! And you better believe I am pretty funny...Ha! I'd come home, eat like crazy, feel HORRIBLE and most likely, cry myself to sleep and I'd repeat the same thing in my mind, "Tomorrow I'll start". "I'll wake up and start a new day, a new diet".
Amy explains that The Thrifty Chicks’ goal--to create a more robust reuse market--is heavily rooted in a desire to lighten the impact that the American new product market has on the environment. “Our current shopping behaviour costs a lot more than the price tag we see. It carries a heavy carbon footprint that no one’s fully deciphered. We know the calories in one stinkin’ pickle because the FDA regulates food labeling. But we’ve no idea the cost of manufacturing and shipping of a new pair of blue jeans made in China across the world to the U.S.,” Amy says. “The carbon footprint of our shopping is undeniably large and it continues to grow, even during a devastating recession. This makes no sense. Product reuse can significantly help lower the flow of cheap, new, energy intensive goods into the country.”
Our little family! I can't believe how little the girls were. : ( They grow up soo fast! Miss E will be 14 this summer and Miss A is 6.
Also, I am not sure how I fell into the job of crowd control, but I had to keep people back from her stage, and keep the aisle clear.
Please alert me if you run across any, and I'll sic my publisher and/or literary agency legal team on them.
Yakima Rye IPA bomber bottles to go, at only $7.75 each, or $90.00 a case (all day Saturday).
And, what did Pippa Middleton ever do to anyone - I mean except her sister, wossname, whom she totally stole the limelight from? I think she’s an adorable little lady and I love her name.
Written by Robert Suhosky
2) An adult student in one of my NYU writing classes knew an agent who gave me three names. One became my first agent.
Warning: Those of you I love who disagree with me about school and learning will find much to disagree with here. I won't be at all insulted if you choose to skip this post or if you want to tell me all the things you think are crazy about it. Although that's probably not necessary, as I think I have a pretty good idea :o). Thank you for loving me even though you think I'm nuts.
Here I have used an image from Crafty Sentiments, called Toby in bag. It was a freebie image given out last year, and I like how I was able to use so many bright spring colours. It's coloured with copics, cut out with a Nestie die and then edged with stickles. I've used a MS punch for the lace edge, and minimal embellishments.....as they would not likely stand up to much use.
Mental health issues bring particular challenges and frankly, frustrations: when a s136 arrest is brought in, the custody sergeant has a right to expect that this will be a position of last resort, an exception to the norm. But in 2008, over 65% of people detained for a place of safety were taken to the cells. They should be asking questions of the officer such as “What alternatives have you considered, where else have you tried?” Their legal and professional duty is not to a local mental health policy, but to the law, wherever those two things are different – and many of them are.
It can't be considered an achievement, I know, but I did receive 2 lovely parcels in the post which made me smile. A lot.
If you have read Carson before, I think you will be bored and/or disappointed. He has not given his readers anything different or anything new to think about in this book. I wish he had interacted with some of those he opposes since it would have made the book a better read. He would likely be pleased with that fact, but for his readers there will be much yawning and sleepy eyed skipping ahead to the next page or the next chapter. And that will likely not please him one bit.
Your vote will really count this time – Make sure the Tories don’t get away with unfair cuts; vote for councillors who will be able to voice your concerns and not merely follow the line from central government and County Hall. Vote for Lynda & Richard – Labour voices for Cranleigh in tough times.
Yemen: Al-Qaeda gunmen fatally shot an American teacher. The terror network’s affiliate in Yemen issued a message saying, “This operation comes as a response to the campaign of Christian proselytizing that the West has launched against Muslims,” calling the teacher “one of the biggest American proselytizers.” He was shot eight times on a Sunday.
I have always been a fan of Beth Kerry, AJ Llewellyn and Tymber Dalton. Although I’m finding more and more talented authors in the growing family of Siren Publishing.
Then as we were winding down, Ed from Toy Vault came by and saw the last few rounds. It dawned on Rob and I that we should play more prototypes in very visible areas more often! As we were wrapping up, Ed asked if we were free to try Hog the Remote with some people. Uh – yeah, sure!! I went into the main convention area and found some people to play with us. I had played a game of Alba Longa with Peter Hawes – a fellow game designer, who previously asked if I could help him playtest one of his games the next morning with a publisher. I agreed – and later, when I was looking for people to play Hog the Remote, I saw that he wasn’t busy, so recruited him to play. I found Chris Handy was free as well and he agreed to help out. Rob found Jenna and we now had 6 people!
6) Jake Porway of Data Without Borders is in San Francisco tonight for a talk at CodeForAmerica Big Data for Public Good. These are the front end events that we'll look back on and say "that was the moment" when community organizations really started using data as the new platform for change. I can't make it to tonight's CfA event, unfortunately; but you should get there if you can. Yesterday, my family and I had a great chance to hike and talk data, video tagging, the future of news collection, R & D on community data, etc. etc. with Jake.
Get your self satisfied marvel of the world
My short meeting with her certainly left a lasting impression. It’s not often that you meet a person so passionate about the environment and conservation.
As though he had never thought of himself as belonging to that cursed category, Krishnamurti was taken aback for a moment, totally surprised and perplexed. Then, with disarming simplicity and directness, he said, “But I don’t do it on purpose!”
Now, my dad DID do the things that he loved, but he did them on the side. He built half of our house himself and I mean really re-built half of our house in a way that no one in their right mind would do. For example, he extended the BASEMENT. Yep, my dad extended the basement with a wheelbarrow and a shovel and as I remember, by reading Time-Life books. He also made this replica of a Picasso stained glass window that lives in my parents’ living room. And the liquor cabinet – oh – the liquor cabinet — he hand carved a Germanic, Winter-Summer theme right on to its doors. I remember my dad sitting up in bed at night hand carving that thing with an X-Acto knife. (How my mother didn’t kill him for getting shavings all over the bed, I’ll never know.) Then there’s our dining room table – made by my father, the china cabinet – made by my father, the buffet table – made by my father, the entertainment set in the den – made by my father, the end tables in the den – made by my father. Back when I shared an apartment in Manhattan, I had the coolest loft bed you can imagine – of course – made by my father with a mini-desk and shelving units built-in underneath.
- Caramel w/ Gray Sea Salt – Paired w/ Pilgrim’s Dole Wheatwine
TV host: Forget about the shame for a moment – is it allowed or not?
This doesn't mean that I don't love you. I don't delay the release of a book to piss you off. In fact, I try to never set particular release dates for books so I can't disappoint you, yet somehow, for reasons I don't know, I hear things like, "Hollowmen was supposed to be out on October 19th! Where is it?!" When I have never, ever, ever issued an exact release date for that novel. Never. So I don't know where people heard that date, but then they were mad at me because I hadn't delivered on something I'd never even promised.
In all of this I’d have to have some sort of guarantee that the content I was about to pay for would be worth the money – it’s not (usually) like music files, I don’t want to read the same story again and again. And I’m more fickle these days – if content isn’t up to scratch I quickly go elsewhere.
“A handful of keffieh and burqa-wearing zealots,” relays the portal
I had no idea such a thing was even available. Did you?!
I recently read an article about Herman Cain's alma matter, Morehouse College, and some of its current students opinions of Mr. Cain. One young man stated he was probably going to vote for Mr. Cain because, "He is a Morehouse man, after all." I was stunned. How is it that after all these years a modern black man could say something so stupid? Herman Cain has about as much to do with Morehouse's spirit of civil service as W does. It's just as dumb as all of the people who voted for Obama just because he's black. Who gives a fuck?! What in the hell does his race or his college past have to do with a rational argument for or against the man's policies? Nothing. Stupid kid.
After I was done, I was so pleased, I sat down and decided to make a few stocking stuffer items for The Girl.
I fundamentally believe that it is the duty of all G0d-fearing Americans to take a stand upon the principles of liberty and limited government that so many before us have bled and died to defend. I believe that these United States were ordained by God as man’s last best hope for freedom. We are an extraordinary country, but a country that is rapidly sliding into the oblivion of statist globalized Marxism. Once these lights of freedom (yes, these United States are 50 sovereign states) are extinguished from the earth, the dark forces of totalitarianism, socialism, monarchism, multi-national corporatism, Marxism, and globalism will trample the God-given rights of man under an iron boot of darkness. We can not allow that to happen! We must NEVER allow that happen! I believe that our best defense is a good offense and that offense begins with a well educated populace. We must confront the forces of totalitarianism with knowledge and uncompromising resolve! I also believe that we must be prepared physically for whatever catastrophes that may be created, whether that be an economic collapse, foreign invasion, or a maniacal police state turned against We The People. Coupled with that, we must be spiritually prepared. All things are possible through our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ! When we get right with God individually and as a people everything will fall into place.
“It is this deep impression of supernatural truth, "wrote Edward Gibbon, another of those prodigious quintifectas that the British peoples used to produce in such profusion, “which
Notable online stories and magazines:
With beer guys seemingly sharing all of yhe same interests and hobies, I feel it necessary to share my airpad experience with you all!
I love Ina Garten's recipes...I'm hooked on her show too...For Mother's Day I was given her Back to Basics Cookbook. I see more cooking in my future....
“It was fucked up,” I laugh.
So I punched the text and SMS number and pressed sent. And waited. And waited. One hour, two hours. I checked my credit and realized that 90 DHs has been deducted upon sending the SMS (although the subscription fee is 49 DHs). Baffling! I called Etisalat blackberry help line, they told me to wait for a couple of more hours, and, if I’d not received a confirmation SMS by then, to call them again.
So I get a lot of comments both on here and on Facebook about how cute and photogenic Miss Khloe is... and she certainly is. But just in case you thought those are the only photos I have of our little princess, let me introduce you to her 'other' side!! ;)
As attractive as the job prospects of moving abroad and the potential life experiences of an expat may sound, many expats living abroad will know the reality that expat life is not all glamour.
34 “Do not suppose that I have come to bring peace to the earth. I did not come to bring peace, but a sword. 35 For I have come to turn
I woke to the speaker talking about fathers... Here is what he said.
If you know me it’s no secret that I LOVE reproductive health. I’m not just talking about the birds and the bees. I’m talking about the ins and outs of sex, pregnancy, STDs, reproductive cycles, you name it. I can’t get enough of it! NHWC has clinics every month and my number one targets for these clinics are expectant mothers. When mothers come, they get a full work up, advice on pregnancy, delivery, nutrition, supplements, and the like. The issue is that we usually have 300-500 people at our clinics so spending a huge amount of time with each mother is just not possible. I’ve been brainstorming and thinking about how to expand on this knowledge to reach more women for some time now. Finally, with a little bit of patience and determination, it’s all starting to fall into place!
Next up is Team Adam. Between Katrina, Pip, Tony and Mathai. Adam said he thought it was going to go a different way before the night started. He said it was an amazing night and he said it was a stupid thing (though earlier he said he liked that the coaches had the power) and then he said he wished he had words to say like Cee Lo but if they Tivo the show, it might be better to watch and hear what Cee Lo said than how he was going to be right now. (Really Adam?) He then said that all 4 of them being on the stage is very valuable and when they go home they just have to keep at it. Then he sends Pip home. And unfortunately I saw that coming.
However, after Chua moved to UBS, HSBC reviewed the Chia accounts and requested that they be closed down, owing to the irregularity of such huge sums being channelled through it.
Interest rates have remained so low for so long that inflation will become a serious problem for America in the months and years ahead. With the price of gold having risen 500% in less than a decade, gold is screaming, “inflation ahead!”
‘Doctor Nicholls,’ she said when I walked in. She held up her arms and laughed. ‘I’ve grown into my hands again.’
Kick a little ass. It's liberating.
Hotels participating in this promotion include:
* program resides. The physical pathname is
Early in her career, a critic once quipped that if white bread could sing it would sound like Olivia Newton-John. Though the easy dismissal stung then, Olivia has had the last laugh. Whether she’s singing country or pop, Olivia’s fans love her. She’s sold a 100 million albums, won four Grammy awards and seen 14 of her albums certified gold by the RIAA. Her Asia 2012 tour which began this month will see her catching up with fans in Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Philippines, Hong Kong, Indonesia and Sri Lanka where she will perform at the Musaeus College auditorium on April 4 and 5.
Born February 9, 1974, Paul Carberry has inherited a wealth of riding talent from his father Tommy, who won the 1975 Grand National on L’Escargot. He followed in his father’s footsteps when partnering Bobbyjo, trained by Tommy, to a popular victory in the 1999 Grand National. That success came two years after he lifted the Topham Trophy over the big Aintree fences aboard Joe White. His brother Philip is also a successful rider, while his sister Nina is a leading amateur. Over more than a decade, Carberry has forged a reputation as one of the most stylish jockeys – a talent nurtured through hunting, show jumping and point-to-pointing in Ireland. He rides principally for Noel Meade in Ireland. Carberry was Irish champion in 2001/02 and 2002/03. Nicknamed ‘Alice’ in the weighing room, Carberry is a renowned party person and once suffered a bizarre injury when being head-butted in the stomach by a deer while out hunting. He has been successful aboard numerous high-class horses including Harchibald, Iktitaf, Direct Route, Dorans Pride, Beef Or Salmon, Limestone Lad, Go Native, Looks Like Trouble and Pandorama. He has partnered 12 winners at the Cheltenham Festival. Carberry made the headlines for the wrong reasons in 2006 when he was sentenced to two months imprisonment for setting fire to a newspaper on an Aer Lingus flight, although this was reduced to community service on appeal. In October, 2009, he failed a breath test for alcohol before riding at Naas and was banned from riding for 30 days. He has now resolved not to drink again until his riding career is over and has recorded the highs and lows of his life to date in the autobiography “One Hell Of A Ride”, which was published in October, 2011. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 1994 Rust Never Sleeps (Fell 27th); 1996 Three Brownies (6th);
built because of your love ..
And then, at around 3.30am he sat bolt upright as the elusive pun finally succumbed to his mind’s coathanger tackle: the Bangla-Dash. Of course – it had to be, even if it meant turning their modest amble into a monumental test of endurance spanning two countries.
He is one of more than 60 animals to be found at Paseo los Monos, in the Ecuadorian Amazon.
- 3 tbsp chickpea flour
Who can doubt it now
Baz Luhrmann, Ester Williams, and Danny Elfman. This is my secret dream team right now for creating a watery noir-musical, ala Busby Berkeley. I’d have to ignite the flame to get things started but these geniuses would have a lot to add to the party.
Additionally, my eyes don't read large amounts of text on a screen for long periods without fatigue and discomfort. I have printed my scripts and am toting them around. I have read everywhere from the car to a friend's Christmas Concert.
In the past year, 55 percent of doctors said they had been more positive about a patient’s prognosis than warranted. Ten percent reported telling patients something that was not true.
Sat 10/11 Milwaukee, WI The Eagles Club
'I heard there was a bitter hatred between Conservative American working men and Liberal Democrat hippies, but now I've seen with my own eyes that this is not true.'
My right time came when I was burnt out and miserable and I doubt I could have done anything else. We made a complete change and luckily for us, it turned out well. I can't help but think about Hanno and I living as we do now but at a much younger age. There would have been different choices made, no doubt, maybe we would have ended up in a different area, but we would have spent much more time outside the mainstream celebrating life and being who we really are. So when is the right time? From experience, I doubt there is one right time. The sooner you can simplify your life, the better you'll be for it.
The project I have to share with you today is an altered cd tree ornament featuring Joanne Schempp's Wings of Love:
The bride looks beautiful. She is stunning and my wish for her tomorrow is that she takes a deep breath, and remembers to take it all in because tomorrow is about her (and the groom of course - but he has made a point of NOT reading my blog so this is all about the lovely Lauren), but she has wanted this wedding for so long, and my wish for her is that she enjoys every second of it.
Lesson of the story. Be careful of what you say to others, it might not mean anything to you but it could mean the world to someone else. As much as possible, I like to build people up, there's too much negativity in this world and sometimes an encouraging word or a show of appreciation really does go a long way.
— Led Zeppelin
Cate Blanchett (Elizabeth)
Anti-Brizard/Broad agenda attitudes have gained traction among many of the parents I’ve organized and worked with in Rochester. When parents heard from the media that there was a proposed plan to close their child’s school rather than from Brizard or his administration, that angered and mobilized many parents. Some parents I work with have brought serious alternative proposals, ideas, and discussions to Brizard’s door only to leave feeling patronized, dismissed, and degraded. Frequently, parents, teachers, students, or community members who question or criticize Brizard’s agenda in any shape or fashion are thrown to the side as mere “noise” or “defenders of the status quo” (not a new rhetorical technique by any means).
with bits of
Towards the door we never opened
Last night, I went on a date. With myself!
After the game, I went for a much needed mani/pedi with another baseball mama! I am so happy that Kyan plays with kids that live in the neighborhood and go to his school! I have become close with a few of the mamas and it is nice to know that I can count on them to pick up Kyan or they can count on me to grab their kid from school if they are running late/stuck in a meeting! I got gel nails once again and I love that the salon I go to have about 60 different colors to choose from. It was the toughest decision I had to make! Later that afternoon, we loaded up the car as a family and went to watch Xavier play some football across town. We had plans to go out for pizza afterwards, but I was able to talk everyone in to going to Fajita's (it wasn't hard, they loved it too), since we were close (and I have been begging for months to make the drive - Chad and I used to frequent there quite a bit back in the day)! It is always nice to catch up with the Swishers, lots of laughs are always had when we are with them!
Since then, BH has been working his adorable booty off doing projects around the house--inside and out. As I type this, he's painting the dadgum kitchen--taking it from a bright, cherry red to a cool, pale gray. We're also painting the front door (going from white to terracota) and doing some other tweaks here and there. I think the next BIG thing we'll do will be move some of our stuff to storage in order to declutter a little bit.
That’s what I’ve been doing ever since 2008, and my life has never been the same. For the first time in my life, as a published writer, I can say I’m walking in my calling, my design, my destiny.
So, in conclusion, book trailers won’t have a huge impact on sales because about one in every three people will watch them (and the blurb and sample are still the most vital parts to a reader), but if done right, they can’t hurt you; they’ll only help.
I end up feeling awful.
"I tried to feel where she was shot, but I couldn't lift my head as they were shooting and I was scared they would hit me. I just kept my hand on the wound and hoped I was doing the right thing."
Many thanks to all those who have been concerned for my son. It turns out he had quickly developed a lung infection which was triggering the asthma. He has been on anti-biotics, a steroid to strengthen the lung and a preventer for the asthma. Thankfully he is now off the steroid and the doctor is very happy with his progress. We had further drama on Tuesday night where the same son had a bit of an accident (I won't go into details) which required us to be in the ER at the hospital for most of the night! He has since recovered from this as well. Needless to say I have been very tired and busy with family this week. I hope to be back creating more regularly!!! It has been exciting to see so many new people lately, I appreciate you visiting and especially those who leave such lovely encouraging comments!!! :)
As my husband Roland will tell you, I am great at deciding what I don’t want. Sometimes, like now, I just can’t figure out what I do want. I know I don’t want another PC government. Alison Redford’s talk of change is just that—talk.
During the colder months I do bake Salmon, but we prefer Grilled Sockeye Salmon. Seafood is GREAT!
Post the trip to Isdoud, the plan is a swing to the North – Haifa, Akka, Nasra, and hopefully a trip to Yaffa on the way back to Ramallah. Getting to see Yaffa this time around with some friends would be great and a nice way to end the week. Inshallah, everything works out. People have been amazing so far in me planning this week, but I will speak more to that after the big trip.
Lizzie's character is easy to love and relate with. She tried to do what is right but her feelings with Drew cannot be ignored. I can't help feeling sad for her. Her relationship with Jeremy was once perfect but he became proud and controlling. And though I felt bad for Chelsea, I don't think she's been a good friend either. She's selfish and absolutely not a 'best friend' type of person to me. Well, as for Drew… he's gorgeous and swoon-worthy, who wouldn't love such a guy? The only thing is, he drives me crazy most of the time. He keeps pushing Lizzie away even though there is no doubt that he loves her. It was so frustrating to see how he's being so nice then turns cold and rude afterwards. The mystery behind Drew's behavior will keep you guessing and wondering all throughout the book. It makes the story exciting but frustrating at the same time. Reading this book to the end was entertaining and I wish there was more. Now, I'm excited to see what the next book has in store for us.
Observers are wondering why two legals would take such an important and controversial decision without referring it to the UK Group’s then CEO, Les Hinton. Perhaps they did: we await Mr Hinton’s recollection. But Robert Peston of the BBC has opined that this also gives James Murdoch ‘some very difficult questions to answer’: why would an incoming CEO – the owner’s son – not have been briefed on such a key project? Last night, News International insisted Mr Murdoch ‘had no knowledge of the 300 e-mails that Harbottle & Lewis were asked to review’.
We have a number of exciting IP events planned for the future, including IP workshops/seminars/moot courts and the Fellow is expected to actively participate in all of these. Apart from this, the Fellow will be involved in IP policy work, and IP litigation, where we will be looking to engage with the courts and policy makers on IP issues that are of a public interest nature.
Erica arrived in Hawaii and the game was afoot! That night, with the plan in place, the waiter had the special coconut, and the sunset was beautiful! The problem was Erica didn’t feel like having a coconut drink! What to do? Finally, Nic gave in and ordered one of the drinks himself and turned the coconut around so Erica would notice the message. It was all he hoped it would be…tears, laughter, surprise, and joy with a topping of dancing on the beach in the moonlight!
They were fun to complete and can't wait to see what is coming up next. I have already learned one new
she went into flabbergast mode.
Caro decided to alter two small puzzle pieces using images from our sponsor. I first painted the pieces, then stamped a background onto each one, then printed, coloured and cut out the images and then added writing, gems and drawing. The coin in this photo is a 5p to give you an idea of scale (Close ups are on her blog).
america!
But, you can have more than one of a pet on your account from all Beta reports. Whether that sticks or not remains to be seen. If it does, then some pets will still have appeal but it will be based on what they can do in the pet arena. If they’re labelled a “go-to” pet, then people will want them and they’ll have some value.
The Demilitarised Zone
Ok, how about if you want to wear a costume, but your spouse/significant other does not. Well, dress as an old man and put a big C on the other one’s chest and go as Old Man and the C.
It’s not just that the ends do not justify the means (though they don’t), you will never achieve the ends at all unless the means are themselves a model for the world you wish to create. Hence the famous anarchist call to begin “building the new society in the shell of the old” with egalitarian experiments ranging from free schools to radical labour unions to rural communes.
Not only is it guarenteed to generate some of that original mum-joke reaction that kept the joke alive for so long but you are also likely to upset the homophobic community. Anything that makes their life even slightly more uncomfortable has got to be a good thing right?
Occasionally we spot each other in the street
Chief Brody’s famous line “You’re gonna need a bigger boat….” was improvised by Roy Scheider.
And now we must build again
So I had to dig deep to discover my method of determining how to write my review. And I found it!
I read this article the other day by the Mayo Clinic staff and it appears very much worth republishing. Please read this and adjust your life accordingly. It’s really not that difficult to lead a healthy life style and live longer lives.
There were many things that lead me to realize what I was becoming. There were places, books, and a song that all reminded me of what was important. But most importantly, God gave me the most wonderful friends who continue to show me who He is in a very real way. You probably know who you are – I thank you, and I thank God for you.
In 1988, HM The Queen officially opened the £200 million North Terminal. A second pier was opened at the North Terminal in 1991.
Or will my good name be uttered along with those other doggish brothers?
There are so many things I can bitch about from traffic to the uncertainty I feel in my own heart. But what I really want to focus on is the unfairness of the blindness it seems I'm doomed to wander through life with. The inevitable pain and sorrow, the intolerable length of time it takes for any real healing to occur, despite my unending attempts to focus on this healing. The fact that all I've wanted for years is a true partner in life, someone to raise my children and build a home with, and that I still don't have that, and it's increasingly looking like I never will. One of my children has already grown up and moved out and another one will in a year. I'm on my own.
Slow Cooker Pork and Apples
Health became a concern as I read about high-fructose corn syrup, artificial preservatives and MSG and I cleaned out the refrigerator and the pantry of anything that contained these items. We had nothing left in the house. It was amazing how these toxins had infiltrated their way into almost everything. I also began reading about dogs and cancer, how over 50% of dogs and cats die from cancer and that this was not true years ago. Having lost Poochie to cancer and being involved with the wonderful organization Canine Cancer Awareness, I read about what actually goes into pet food and was horrified. Then realized what goes into us and was even further horrified. Reducing our meat consumption was starting to sound like a good idea.
Keep us in mind....."When it needs to be JustRite".
In the case of this piece, and many pieces thereafter, I took the process a step further, and wrote lyrics as well. I gave these lyrics to Andrew in advance, so he had an idea of what was brewing in my mind along with the melody. The end result has had a lasting impression which results in us never tiring of playing the piece together. Here are the lyrics:
When my Dad got sick I felt prepared, resilient. I could cope. Dad has done a good job of preparing us for this eventuality.
gg and gl
Rose and her friend Ed race to see who can catch the most butterflies. While they're out on the hunt, they find themselves caught in a mathematical problem, having to solve numerous addition problems to see who ultimately ends up catching the most. The results (and reasons for them) may surprise you!
Chris shook his head as if clearing dust from his brain. “Okay, never mind that. Why are we down here?”
Estes
If there is one attribute that I look for in people
*thank you, mommy for my note.
I haven’t been blogging as much, I think partly to stressors (both good and bad) like after the car needed a head gasket *THEN* the master cylinder for the brakes went. The landlord finally pretty much finished the roof section over my part of the house last weekend. I’m hoping I can find a time stretch of reasonable uneventfulness to just sort of channel my chi so to speak.
Cakes: “From the Sun to the land / From the land to the grain / From the grain to the flour / From the flour to this bread / I consecrate this bread in the name of the Horned God / May his blessings shower upon us throughout eternity / So Mote it Be.”
Didn't Planet's sound here is somewhere between Fountains of Wayne and Weezer, with the just the right amount of smartass those bands are known for. This becomes readily apparent as the album opens with the band's reworking of the Fat Albert theme as a way of introduction. For those of a certain age, hearing "na na na, gonna have a good time" brings back the memories. The driving "Maryann(e)" recalls the poppier side of Green Day; the title track rocks while detailing their plight, and it's almost obligatory that a power pop album of this kind have a track called "California".
2010.09.14 Iraq Baghdad 1 0 A woman of 'ill-repute' is hanged in her own home by suspected fundamentalists.
Granny is 88 and still lives by herself. She is pictured here with her great granddaughter (my daughter)
of me—and then pleasure
One examiner told teachers how to “hammer exam technique” rather than teach the entire subject curriculum, adding: “We’re cheating… Probably the regulator will tell us off.”
words that had scrolled itself into knots of indecipherable tangles
22. Patricia de Lille, politician (1951 - )
Here it is, Saturday morning at 1:23a.m. and I should be asleep becuase I have to start the major house packing in the morning for the big move on the 7th January (one of my followers is also moving that day!).
negativity from Earth. All programs in place to intimidate with fear
Is coaching being done on a daily basis??
But I’m sure that if you are a person who is mature enough and well grounded up then you understand that there SHOULD be something after this life. I think its an obvious fact that good things come from heaven and bad things come from hell. If someone will tell me that there is hell then I’m sure you won’t mind me asking what is the source of all the bad things that happen in this world? Same thing with question of heaven, if there is no heaven then where do the good things come from?
Level 3: Damage: +3%, Critical Rate: +3%.
CeNsoriNg
But I admitted to her when she told me that I completely understand why she’s doing in, and that I think it’s the right thing for her to do. If nothing else, I’m sure she’ll regret it if she doesn’t give it a try.
Today feels like spring in Oslo. FINALLY. Glory be.
I had defrosted some ground beef with the intention of making enchiladas but then decided I didn't want enchiladas again and I wanted to try something else. I looked through some books and finally opened one I had not opened very often before. The book had some pages doggie-eared and I opened it to the first one. Kufta Mishwiya. Bingo! Of course, I needed a starch because that's how we roll so I looked in the same book for a rice recipe. Rizz Mufalfal. The name of the book is From the Lands of Figs and Olives and I've had it for a long time. It is a book with traditional recipes from the Middle East and North Africa. This is probably one of the first cookbooks I ever bought so I've had it for about 10 years or so. I had not made anything from it yet and now I wonder what took me so long.
- Craft a spa atmosphere in a teeny-tiny bathroom
Princess Parisa (Kathryn Grant), daughter
We need to face the pain for what it is. We need to weep and lament and grieve. Of course I tie this to the death of my friend Davin, and I preach to myself, “Don’t flee from this.” Especially for those of us on the periphery, it’s easy to want to not move closer to the pain, to just get back on with our lives. But a few thoughts on this, the day of Davin’s first memorial service.
With his gloved hand he never got to wave goodbye
get you?
Beyond the Ivory Tower Seminar Series
The station had a stand advertising Kyoto Aquarium, which had opened only a few days before we arrived. They had a tank of jellyfish, so we said why not and went to the aquarium. Kyoto Aquarium is actually only a few blocks from the station, and I liked the pedestrian overpass we used to get there (there’s a lot of these in Japan, actually):
Both Terminators sent to assassinate also find out where the person they’re hunting is from a phone/transmitted message. In The Terminator, it’s Ginger’s answering machine; in Terminator 2, it’s a cop radio at Miles Dyson’s house.
During the two hours I was there a lot of people came and went. By the time my wife dragged me out, they weren't even letting people into the bar anymore. Never seen a brewpub that needed a velvet rope, but there's a first time for everything. I didn't want to go, but didn't have a choice as she probably would have left me there. I did spend an hour of the two chatting randomly with people. Got to meet some really nice guys, two of whom worked at a nearby winery, and another who is a bartender at Bear Republic. They probably thought I was crazy (or just drunk) when I wrote their names down right in from of them but I always forget so it's just easier.
I’m excited that I might soon be able to get up on the bed all by myself. It’s just a little too tall for me, still. But I’ve also gotten into the tub, which is only a few inches shorter than the bed. I keep trying…. one day I’ll get up there.
Has it changed me at the end of it? Yes. I'll never be a minimalist - as I said before I like books and fabric too much, but I have changed my attitude to possessions and 'stuff' around the home. When we redecorated the sitting room we only put back a few ornaments and objects. Surfaces are clearer as a result and the room is peaceful and easier to tidy. I've much less interest in shopping for its own sake. I see less and less that I actually 'need'. Tim and I use to spend a day off at a different town and I'd invariably come home with something. Although we have done that this year; Hungerford and Marlborough were lovely, we discovered that wandering round the parish churches and exploring footpaths, admiring old things in antique shops, and finding somewhere nice for lunch were preferable to 'shopping'. We noticed the architecture of old high streets rather than going in to a chain store you could find anywhere. We often came home with no more than the ingredients for a supper - good cheese and local bread from an independent deli perhaps. Nothing else. I learnt to admire, but not necessarily own. That's almost the most important lesson I take from this year.
In a deep pan heat the berries and all the sugar slowly, covered. Take care not to scorch. Once they start to exhude juice cook them gently for another another five minutes and then drain, reserving the syrup. Once the berries have cooled fill the pie with them, drizzle 2 Tbsp of syrup over them, cover and bake as above.
Eating vegetable raw is perhaps the best way to obtain all the nutrients of nature, but since we are not rabbits, we can't always do that.
Given by Papa God, November 21, 2011
The secret by law
Reinforcing your child is very important. Why not check out this information that has helped so many parents get in touch with their children in a way that some may never realize. After all, you may already have a strong bond with your children, and they might be happy and feel loved, but they do have a “love tank” and there can never be too much love inside of it.
Cuz this is how the promise breaks
Most of the machines were beyond me but we did get to see yeast up close and personal. We also saw the “coolest” place in the brewery: the cryogenic freezer that preserves yeast samples for the next millenium. After swabbing something for analysis (I ran it across the rim of my water bottle) it was time for some more beverages.
Yes, he is very active. I know this burns a massive amount of calories. But I will not discourage his activity because I know it is vital for airway clearance.
"This special day will give supporters as well as Euro election campaigner’s space to come together and outline to the people of Wales just why the BNP and what it stands for is a threat to people like me and you."
Your labour will return with the warmth of spring.
There’s a rush of wings past my study window. Something, or someone, has startled a guinea fowl – really startled – they don’t usually fly off so fast.
And do you rise higher than ever yet O days, O cities!
He was so good the entire trip! We got to the Canadian/Ontario border around midnight and there was quite a line-up because only two lanes were open. The person in front of us took so long with the customs agent and then was directed to secondary search with sirens and lights blaring. Robert and I looked at each other and thought that this was perhaps not a good sign! The customs agent took one look at Ash and exclaimed what a cute cat he was.
Ok, let's check out the details. This ladder came from the Lucketts fair a couple years back. I attached screw in hooks to the rungs so I could hang my sap bucket planters, which hung on the fence at our last house. I filled them with impatiens since this side of the porch doesn't stays in the shade.
not because of love for country,
A Hillul Ha-Shem.
"Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good; his love endures forever." Psalms 107-1
roll out the dough, keeping the shape of a rectangle, as thinly possible. you should be able to see your hands underneath it.
This smash album was a real labour of love, and I can't wait to fill it with beautiful memories of our trip to the city of love! I'll post some more photos when I get back and it's full.
O, how I giggle at the men of the past:
The two-day vote is a reaction to EU-brokered talks between Belgrade and Pristina, with many local politicians arguing that the Serbian government should not be talking to the authorities in Pristina, much less making deals with them.
Make sure you come back for next week's very special guest. Next week's featured guest blogger, John, is none other than one of the 60 Mile Men. You can find him on twitter @60miles or on his blog 60 Miles: 316,800 Feet Closer to a Cure.
-I am I am...said the Dutchess ...you must know I missed you all ever so much...!
Let me tell you a story:
Without question, I’m the child of a narcissist…a parent who has difficulty understanding emotions, especially intense ones, and who is more comfortable in the role of objective observer or manager. When one is an empath, especially as a child, a parent like that is very difficult to get along with.
Then as I walked out of the CR, I took a slight glance over the pantry and I couldn’t believe sa nakita ko- ISANG COFEEE MACHINE and wait here it comes……GUMAGANA!!!
And now? The war is forgotten, all but airbrushed from our history. They’re not mentioned in Remembrance Day services, those soldiers who endured so much. Their memorials fall into decay, and the one in Beeston near Nottingham serves only to make schoolchildren giggle when they read the legend ‘Died of Diarrhoea’. No-one writes about them. Everyone here can think of several novels about Waterloo – but name just two about the Charge of the Light Brigade. Name one.
...explained how much of a burden it is for parents to take care of an autistic child...
Happier.
Sometimes, yeah... pulling in two different directions at once. It makes tiny little tears in our fabric.
Utterly unique; a flexible, sharply written, wide-ranging story that encompasses the life of a young Australian woman who comes to England.
Sadie JONES!!
Elaine became a promoter of my work and began showing up with orders from her sisters and friends at her job. By that time I had begun to sell my wood cutouts. By all accounts, I should have been paying her a commission. Since she was decorating her house with my pieces at no charge however, a commission was a moot point.
My Terrain hexagon-flower quilt is almost almost finished and I'm already thinking about what project to move on to next. I've already resolved that I'm not going to start any new crafts this year, so that narrows it down to finishing off a UFO.
(I hate those guys.)
In 1827, while managing a flour mill for Aunt Wheeler, in Avon, Conn., I was standing upon one of the wheels, clearing away the ice. A man, not knowing I was in that position, hoisted the gate and turned upon the wheel a full head of water. The wheel started at once, my foot slipped, and I was plunged head foremost over the rim of the wheel into about three feet of water, my weight had drawn my legs out of the wheel, or I would have been drawn under a shaft and crushed to death.”
Anyway, my original inspiration for this recipe was, naturally, bananas going bad on our counter. Also, this recipe from The Crepes of Wrath. This recipe looked reeeeally good. Except I don't like coconut (not shredded coconut anyway, I like the flavour though!) or dried pineapple. Or raisins in my baking. Uhhh. But I still thought it looked great and interesting. Especially since I was trying to use up bananas and we had fresh pineapple in the fridge. Of course, my recipe is far far different, so it's posted below.
*St. B's is a great church home. And I know they'll probably rope me into it again for saying this, but VBS did wonders for getting to know people OUTSIDE of the church choir and their families. It was awesome to make so many new connections.
This the original capital of Vijayanagara kingdaom present in the north side of Tungabhadra river. Opposite this town there is a temple of Lord Vishnu called Vittala temple.
At a non-denominational service to mark Nigeria ’s 51st Independence Day, you lashed out at me and other critics of yours. I truly deserve it. But your frustrations drew no sympathy in me.
7. Bart Simpson
If you wear flip-flops, please make sure you don't have toe-nails that look they belong on some pre-historic beast.
ok so you do know what we did with the middle east after the iran incendent. have not seen to much come out obout that over the years no worries they are better at keeping their mouth shut than other people we know. i can say yes we did actively work these cases and if they had let us continue we would not be in this boat. it suprises me as well olly seems to have able to main stream himself and not say a word about things. i am still to this day most impressed with him. anyway interesting reading, yes most lifer sgts do have a way with words and putting it on the table like it should be. most officers are over educated and a waste of good space on an aircraft.
Tonight I prepped a lunch for the first time in eons!
‘I had to pay to get my dogs back. Wanda will never be the same again — she was severely traumatised by the experience.’
it's Monday?! already?! - i'm still in a haze - i vote 3 day weekends for all!!!
Jagan Nathan Vamanan, M.D. (India)
The scene from Monty Python and the Holy Grail comes to mind where plague sweeps through the villages and men pull carts through town calling, “Bring out your dead!” One man carries his father out to the cart, who is swinging over his shoulder saying, “I’m not dead yet. I’m not dead yet!” I am discouraged by the number of leaders in our church ready to cut our losses and simply toss the church on the heap. I don’t believe they do this for any reason beyond losing hope and lacking vision. We don’t remember what “home” looks like any more — we’ve been gone too long. The church growth movement of the late 20th century corrupted our values. We adopted one hundred and one business concepts without translating them to the church in spiritual language. We turned our seminaries into academic proving grounds, where practical ministry is viewed as a pathetic waste of teaching time. Boards of Ordained Ministry ceased trying to cultivate good leadership and instead assumed the role of weeding out bad. Our energy shifted from “becoming” to “being,” a shift from continuous improvement, learning and development to managing the status quo to survive another day. As a denomination we have stopped moving toward a Promised Land. Instead, we wander in the wilderness.
Some of the awesomeness was due to my learning buddies Chickeee & Elsie; we used to work together in what now seems like a previous life, but now have moved onto new and exciting things and my how we've grown! We all have so much common experience and understanding but our most recent experiences have given us different perspectives and edges that make us look the same on the outside but different underneath. It was a fascinating week.
Standing innocently at the checkout, not a care in the world as I flipped through an extremely interesting tent brochure because a tent would fit rather snugly in my backpack while I ride my horse of course.......
3. I am not a troll.
The second choice is God’s.
‘‘I knew that we were in trouble then,’’ he said about their manager’s death, in an interview some years later. ‘‘I didn’t really have any misconceptions about our ability to do anything other than play music. I was scared. I thought we’ve had it now’.’’
#108
The above picture is a good example of the hollyhocks potential and acumen. The tree has a little personal space where the mover can't come and this where the hollyhock takes root. In an afternoon I could easily find 100 other examples like this of the limited needs of the hollyhock.
The Memorial is a private, non-profit undertaking financed by admission fees and contributions, and does not accept any government funding. Based on what I've read, it seems that because of excellent management and the generous contributions of thousands of donars at all levels, the Memorial is in pretty good fiscal shape, although this is apparently never taken for granted and fund-raising is ongoing.
I want to share with you some Crazy Quilted tags I created
That said, it is just wonderful being on holidays with my very favourite people in the world.
Here are just a few pics from this season:
” Yeah, not a problem for me. But this is so funny! “So, we meet again”, was supposed to be entry line”, teased the man with weird hair. He was trying to be funny earlier in the hospital too but there he actually was funny. I giggled and replied, ” ‘Twice in a day, are you by any way folowing me?’ I would have said.”
Heather xoxox
Entomologist once asked me if I would like to go with her for a weekend hiking trip in a lovely state park in Texas Hill Country. What a lovely invitation! I so looked forward to going. So I was so hurt and surprised when, a few weeks later, she eagerly showed me the photos of her weekend-long trip to that park, oblivious to the fact that she had, once again, blown me off. I was polite and cordial, but inside, not happy.
“Hey… I have the night planned…okay?” His half-smile once again melted her resistance.
My freezer: It may be small, but I have a ton of food stuff in there. A few dozen muffins, a couple of soups, veggie stock, quinoa and even some blackberries from the farmers market! I'm so happy that I have a spacious freezer in which to put these things that patiently lie in wait for me to consume them.
Not bad eh?!
Also present at the press conference were Edward Luak, chairman of Serian DAP branch and about 30 landowners.
the general ‘fucked-up’ hangover.
And please, please explain to me why these children are not in the homes where they are so very wanted, with parents that would give anything for a child to read a bedtime story to? To people who want with every fiber of their being to have a child to change, bathe, feed, nurture, love, and lose sleep over, MAKE SACRIFICES FOR?
3 N.Y.C
(I plan on just tossing the diapers into the wet bag instead of the grocery bags now. I am just going to hang the wet bag in her room since it zips shut. I will wash the wet bag with the diapers.)
And now I'm tired of cooking and ready to go on to other things.
Form a bond between your job and set the rules for the playing field. Like all relationships, some ground rules need to be established, standards that can’t be compromised on. And remember, it’s a two way street. You meet needs, it meets needs.
sequins as texture/color, and also the first piece I
i’d venture to say that i just don’t like to ‘deal’ with silly issues, and if i think it’s a nonsense issue, or the other person is never going to see my side, no matter what, i feel there’s no urgency in dealing with the situation and rather just blow it off .. i pretty much operate with the ‘i’m over it’ attitude everyday .. there’s always something that i just rather do my thing then to deal with silliness .. can anyone else feel me on this?!
We are really excited to be doing this again and we look forward to trying to give you podcasts on a regular basis. I doubt it will be weekly, but maybe every couple of weeks or so. Make sure you let all of your Lostie friends know we are back and that they should subscribe again if they un-subscribed.
Recommended for those who like to blend dramatic themes and admirable performances with highly entertaining, often hilarious crack; bonus for yakuza-lite fans.
A weapon is a possibility. I wouldn’t invest at lower levels, where you might out grow it fast.
5. Back to the Future’s DeLorean time machine is actually a licensed, registered vehicle in the state of California. While the vanity license plate used in the film says “OUTATIME,” the DeLorean’s actual license plate reads 3CZV657.
Irwin, however, uses the schema of the title in his work, letting those colors exists in order in the gallery, Red, Yellow, then Blue in a group of three large panels above and matching below on the floor. Irwin’s work seems mindful, however, of human involvement in an architectural space, fully opening up inquiry of perception in a full 3D and lived in realm. You might say his homage to Newman comes post Richard Serra. I could not help but think of the works other direct precedent Serra’s Delineator 1974/75, a work which induces a dizzying effect of weight and mass on the gallery goer.
Asket agreed that I had to avoid going to a certain city at a certain day and time, not too far from now.
In February 2011, we had 217 people take part before I closed the List, and many more who wanted to join. I made so many wonderful friends, and heard of some awesome connections and friendships being made between other writers. The new Group concept worked very well, and we saw Group interviews, get-to-know-you sessions, a Choose Your Own Adventure bloghop, among other things. The Challenges were again heaps of fun - I think we'll all remember the goldfish bowl flash fiction for a long time! And the Show Not Tell Challenge in April (linked with Arlee Bird's A-Z Challenge) was a ball of fun too!
Be one of the first 35,000 to enter and we'll ship you the Straight Line sample trio + get a FREE salon styling session. Enter to win Straight Shampoo, Conditioner and Blow Dry (worth $89) - for smooth, frizz-free styles. (Please note: our sweepstakes is not accessible via mobile devices.) This offer is from their FaceBook page.
A discussion then followed the presentation. Johann G. Averbach, M.D. blended "forbidden tendencies" with "bloodthirsty and sexy comic books" and compared comic books with fairy tales, concluding that "the fantastic elements of fairy tales depicts a world far removed from reality", therefore it doesn't harm a child. The last comparison was to Pavlov's dog, "where aggression and sexual desire are stimulated by the presentation of comic book pictures".
His goods are scattered all around,
So, I hit up Kenneth, and Kenneth talks to Harleston, and Harleston gets in contact with Lindy, and then Lindy proceeds to take forty minutes to text back, at which point we are all piled in Harleston’s car and headed over to Chris’s. So, we’re all chilling like villains, me with the knowledge that I need to be back to my house by ten.
Holding up signs for the contestant and even making shirts, these diehard fans are exactly what the American Idol contestant needs to remind people to vote every week. Proud that she is local and even more delighted that their girl is representing strong, it is safe to say the blue jays are going to defend their contestant all the way.
The key to abundance of grace
22. The Legend Of Wooley Swamp - The Charlie Daniels Band
Streaked in public
It’s also a very easy way to practice and repeat the information which is more complicated with other means.
So they ‘did’ Vanessa a couple of times too:
To get to Machu Picchu almost everyone starts in Cuzco and absolutely everyone has to pass through the town Aguas Calientes -- also known as Machu Picchu pueblo. There are no roads to Aguas Calientes so the only options are by train or by foot. The direct 112 KM (70 miles) train from Cuzco* costs between $56 - $300 one way. Any way you look at it, this is price gouging of the highest order.
Today was kind of hard. My co-author pissed me off, too. He's a strange combination of laid back procrastinator and control freak. I can deal with one or the other but both together is a rather trying combination. Then there's the dynamic of co-presenting, with him getting most of the questions, whether because it's his school or because he's male, I'm not sure.
Sheriff Fatman
I had a quick taste of it for which I had to put down my Mexican Logger. Let me tell you, there's a difference on your palette between a 4.2 percent ABV beer and an 8.7 percent ABV beer. The Pils was hot!
Hi! It is that time again, time for another Digi release from Clear Dollar Stamps! :)
It will be Ketuanan Melayu as promised by Umno to the Malays but it will be Ketuanan Melayu that must be implemented with the common good of all Malaysians as its ultimate goal.
can clearly announce our thoughts and recite our information.
Water spirits, moon maidens, haunted pianos, headless revenants, and an invincible terrapin that lives under the mountains. None of these distract James Holtzclaw from his employer’s mission: to turn the fading gold-rush town of Auraria, GA, into a first-class resort and drown its fortunes below a man-made lake. But when Auraria’s peculiar people and problematic ghosts collide with his own rival ambitions, Holtzclaw must decide what he will save and what will be washed away.
It’s happened again. Some publisher has decided that the best way to promote a game about guns is to have a woman show off her boobs whilst holding some said guns.
Even as late as mid-June, Obama's Interior Secretary stated that it was his hope that the moratorium prohibiting offshore drilling would lass less than six months! Obama continued to defend BP even in the face of scandals involving the Minerals Management Service, the department of the federal government responsible for regulating offshore drilling and other industrial activity of the oil industry in the U.S. While issuing 'safety alerts' to BP and other oil companies to activate back-up switches on oil rigs (an option of last resort to prevent crude oil blowouts), the MMS did nothing to enforce its regulations. The director of MMS stepped down after the spill when it was revealed that MMS staff had accepted 'gifts' from oil companies, such as tickets to sports events, lunches, and even sex parties with industry-hired prostitutes.
Score: 88%
Not sure if they’ve gotten the message - or not. But all of a sudden - I’ve found 2 eggs within a half-hour.
I know you guys are intelligent and you've all read and enjoyed Great Expectations and a lot of Dickens' other books, too. But a lot of people aren't that lucky. Some people might even think that this bilge is what Dickens really wrote.
So I have been a slacker with blogging lately because of the holidays. I didn't have to take too many dishes to places and I ate meals that other people cooked.... then ate the leftovers =) So there hasn't been much cooking going on lately besides a couple recipes I don't feel are worth sharing.
This oversight didn’t interfere with the over all enjoyment of the story, but I can’t call it perfect, either. I can recommend it as a highly original story, though, and if you are a sci-fi fan I think that you will enjoy this one. Four Gerry Bees.
At issue was a remark Patrick had made over wondering why the media, and the sports media in particular, always refer to female athletes as "sexy," and especially if they're competing in a sport traditionally dominated by men.
I didn't know
Here you'll also find my OPI Designer Series polishes, and my OPI It's Summer For Shore polishes. In the back we have the Burlesque glitters, and the two HTF glitters - Mad As A Hatter and Absolutely Alice.
This meant that I was home, alone with a dead being laying ten feet from the front door, and the weatherman was telling the viewing audience that while the temperature today would be cool, the sun would bright and would warm up the sidewalks and the ground. Taking it one step further, that would heat up the possum and draw flies, and I didn't want to be the house on the street that had a fly problem. People on this street will and do frequently talk, and I for one would rather do the talking instead of being a topic at the next meeting of the Committee of the Middle of the Street.
Iíd pee and get the hell on outta
I spoke at a local high school today for their Writer's Week program. All week, students and actual honest-to-goodness real writers share their work and their insight with an audience of students and teachers. And then there was me. I stood up there, palms sweating so much I think they made a puddle, and I talked. I don't even remember all that I said. I guess it went ok. I mean, no one boo'd me or threw rotten produce at me, so that's good, right? My sister videotaped me speaking so that I could see what not to do the next time I speak anywhere, but I didn't have the software to transfer the video to my computer. I'll try to get a video on YouTube soon.
Honestly, i couldn't bear the thinking of letting Gabriel at home. But i pushed myself to do so. Of course we sent him to his grandma. Hubby already planned this on and I don't want to let him down, plus I also want to watch 'The Avengers' movie.. :P
(1) Psychotherapy of Crohn disease Zur Psychotherapie des M. Crohn. Feiereis H Langenbecks Arch Chir 1984, 364 p407-11 – Internet health Library
Now that he quit trying to be president, we’re probably not going to see those Santorum traffic spikes anymore, but that’s a small price to pay for knowing that people still find it unpalatable for him to hold political office. It’s a ray of sunshine on a cloudy day.
The government will certainly roll out its “big guns” to stem the tide of humanity coursing down the historic Dataran Merdeka (Independence Square), come April 28. The eyes of the world will be watching the outcome of the face-off. A violent crackdown on the innocent citizens will arouse the ire of the global village and rouse the people to action. If Bersih 3.0 is crushed, the final fight will shift to a bigger arena where the fate of the rulers will be decided. The only weapon the government has this time is fraud: it will cheat at the ballot box to cling on to its tattered pants. But the price of liberty is eternal vigilance – and the people are unlikely to let down their guard. They may yet deliver a knock-out punch.
Notice how DIET is a four letter word? Why yes it is Steph.
Will we have faith to enter when it is our time to be judged? Will our conscience condemn us, or will we stand before Him clean? Then our names won’t be removed from the Book of Life (Rev. 3:1-6). Numerous scriptures point this out.
Starting with Ash Wednesday and ending with Easter, our church does a Wednesday service. The services are geared for us to focus on the sacrifice Christ made for us. I love these services. They have helped me come to appreciate Easter even more.
2. Designing and making a crochet table set for a wedding, including some simple napkin rings a bride could make herself
Olivier Gourmet, The Son
We were lucky to get these two volumes in North American publication at all, as the series was canceled by TokyoPop the other year, and then tenatively revived. Light novels don't sell for peanuts in the American market - they're too fanboy and short for the mass paperback market, and too wordy and ancillary for the otaku market. But I do know that I'm eager for the next book in the series. We didn't get anything more from the animation studios, and word is that at least one reason is that the novels go off on a somewhat grim and gloomy tangent which could alienate the anime audience.
Both fighter are exchaning punches – typically one at a time right now. Sinlutanesouly landing some jabs.
Furthermore, before attacking Christianity, the proponents of white guilt should not forget that some of the most passionate and devout Christians are black Africans, a group they tend to avoid offending whenever possible.
1190 D-VII/9/1994. “Individualism and the ‘Values’ of Freedom: Milton Friedman’s Capitalism and Freedom Revisited.” Loyola University of Chicago, Rome Center, Rome, Italy
So Yes, the Rg, sAma, yajur and atharva vEdAs existed prior to vEda vyAsa, as a body of mantrAs, differing in chandas (metre), swarAs (notes – 3 in Rg and 7 in sAma) and with gadya or prose portions in the yajur vEda, but it was kRSNa dwaipAyana vEda vyAsa who organised them into manDalas etc as we find them today.
I am self-published. I’m a bit of a control freak and I like having the total creative control over my work. No one is going to be as passionate about my books as I am. No one is going to care as deeply about how they are presented or marketed. No publisher is going to believe in them as much as I do. If my books are good, they’ll find an audience. If they’re not, they won’t. I’m not against traditional publishing. For me, it
Previously Remixed:
Yes, our son looks just like his father and our daughter looks just like me. Complete opposites. You would never put them together as brother and sister. I love how creative God is.
When his son Joseph Clayton (1847-1923), in turn, entered the profession in 1867, taking over a studio in Blackfriars Street, London, he too styled himself in the fashion of an artist photographer. With lofty ambitions, his first carte de visite mounts were ordered from the printers with the name Byron Clayton, supplemented by the description, "Parliamentary & Portrait Photographer," perhaps more aspirational than by actual appointment.
After lunch, I popped in to New Belgium's brewery for, say, 3 minutes, to see if I could find NB's Flander's-style Brown ale, La Folie. They, were out, but I got a lead on some bottles at a local liquor store and was able to procure one, along with some Avery and a Fat Tire for good measure. I wish I had more time to spend in Ft. Collins, it seemed like a fun place to be for more than lunch, but that will have to wait for another trip.
The topic of the Automatic Expo would be “Mobility intended for All” having a special focus on environment friendly technologies, alternative heats up as well as electric & cross vehicles. Green innovation is the necessity of present day day world so the auto industry has also caught up from it. Your organizers of the Car Expo stated that they have announced the web based ticket scheduling system for the expo in an attempt to avoid the hassles one of the public while making your reservation for the tickets. The internet ticket booking procedure continues to be welcomed and also appreciated by simply every one of the people since within this advanced world, it would not become possible to bypass standing in extended lists fighting for specials and it is the best in order to publication the tickets online.
Test your abilities by taking on the Tri-Eagle Challenge during summer-term A or B. In order to complete the challenge, participants must cycle 100 miles, walk or run 26.2 miles, and swim 2500 yards. Complete the challenge and win a prize.
Good luck! The giveaway ends on May 12th at 11:59 pm eastern time.
2) Tell me your favourite character from any Maria V. Snyder book and why. If you've not read any of her books before - then tell me about a character from another book and why.
I just can’t wait to see what Dan is planning to do before the Christening! Stay tuned.
Whatever your favorite way of believing in what’s to come, it is certain that the beings we were before summer 2010 have moved into a new level of reality. We are being led by avatars, contemporaries, new thinkers — and crop circles — to become our higher, nay, highest selves.
*Prepare rice using the long-grain directions on the cooking chart for Cuisinart’s Rice Plus™ Multi-Cooker. Rice can also be prepared the day before.
“California, San Francisco, August 31, 1854. For malt liquors the demand is not so active as it was a month ago, although it is at all times considerable, and on the increase. Large sales of J. & R. Tennent’s bottled ale have been, during the last fortnight, at 3 dols. 62 cents to 3 dols. 75 cents per dozen, and a sale of about 300 hhds. of the same brand in wood, to arrive, at 60 dols. per hhd. This brand has a larger sale, and is more sought after than any other in the market, from its being peculiarly adapted to the warm climate of the interior, and is much used in San Francisco also.”
Later, in His last talk to His disciples before His passion and death, Christ tells them: I will pray the Father and He will give you another Comforter, that He may abide with you forever, even the Spirit of Truth (John 14:16).
The Thimble Islands are a group of about 350 small islands in Long Island Sound, off the coast of Branford, about ten minutes from New Haven by sightseeing boat. Over the years, Leona and her husband, portrait photographer Richard Frank, have paid many visits these little-known islands, which can be explored by kayak.
Hopefully, the Supreme Court will get a chance to rule this garbage law is unconstitutional. The law clearly violates the 4th Amendment of the Constitution. But, until then Uncle Sam's minions can lock down any U.S. citizen in military prison and throw away the key.
No, He’s our Father.
Saturday was a brew day at MB. First, Justin and I transferred the Rising Sun Ginger-Sesame Red Ale to secondary. So far, so good. Very tasty right out of Primary. Lots of roasty sesame-ness, w/ some fruity esters from the yeast intermingling with the pungent ginger, then a nice bitterness at the end. A hint of sour from somewhere, but I think it was a flavor made by the ginger and the hops. To this lovely concoction, and after much debate, Justin and I kept to our written recipe and added 4 oz. of candied ginger which was boiled for 3 minutes to sanitize and remove the sugar coating. We're assuming that this will add some goodness to the nose and little, if any, taste profile. We shall see soon.
In keeping with a long-standing tradition in civic architecture, this building incorporates many symbolic elements, but you’ll see no half-naked statues of Justice or carvings of fasces-bearing eagles here. Rather, the symbolism is more by way of suggestion, less blatant.
Mater amta intemerata
Whether you're a seasoned card maker or have never made a handmade card in your life, then these card kits from Sweet Tooth Scrapbooking are for YOU! These two ladies (Cindy and Shelly) have thought of EVERYTHING.......right down to the last tiny detail!!! Everything in the kits are pre cut so all you need to do is add adhesive! Also included in each kit is a step by step instruction sheet with colorful examples so you can see what your cards will look like before you even add the glue! Now I ask you, can it get any easier than that....I think NOT!
The internet boom is creating a technological language around what used to just be part of or integrated into basic human interaction. Will we soon need to be reminded to breathe too, before we pick up the phone to call? Or perhaps to go to the bathroom when we feel the urge? If we have a relationship with our children, and our caretaker (which presumably we would if we are leaving our children in their care) do we really need “tools” for how to function when we are home or away? We are developing a science and an industry around what already is, and spending a tremendous amount of time congratulating ourselves on the packaging of what just is. There is something eerily unnerving about a woman streaming into my home, appearing on my desk, and telling me that I should communicate and have a relationship with the person with whom I entrust my children.
Aaaaah Monday! Soup will make it better, right? I'm kidding, really. I don't mind Mondays, but I wouldn't mind having a weekend extension. I'm not kidding about the soup, though. I'm totally on a soup binge right now. It's a wonderful, warming way to stay healthy and raw when the weather turns cold. And it's SO EASY. Perfect for weekday meals.
They still do not strike me as a very “good” race, but at least they are “good” enough to seek to right their race’s wrongs.
It's okay, though; this is a parody of other science fiction films. So if we have no originality, it doesn't mean that we're actually cheating the viewer - it's subversive, so it's okay.
Ps: The red-bow-ponytail remainds me of my elementry school years.
They all come running when Mom yells it's time to eat! :)
I surrender all
Regarding racism, I just looked at the online version Encyclopedia of Social Work. My simple search for “racism” didn’t turn up an entry on that topic. I thought you might have a specific reference you could point me toward, given that your definition seems to be an exception to general usage. I hope you’re not telling me that I have to read a book to understand your mark on my paper.
Non-Beer Related Posts: 70
Friday's tasting (3pm-7pm) will feature the Frambozen, Sam Smith Winter Warmer, Duvel, and Sierra Nevada 30th Anniversary Grand Cru. Hope to see you then!
Sincerely and honestly yours
The last time I rode with any serious intent was when I was first dating the SS; I got run away with, but managed to remember one was meant to turn the thing, and that worked. I suppose I must have passed whatever test as a potential life partner she was putting me through.
and publication in The North magazine.
touched forever, free of their rasp.
8 table spoons of water
Explosive Eighteen by Janet Evanovich
Although I've had this recipe forever, I have never actually made the pie before. Chocolate is not my favourite flavour, you know. But my family loves chocolate, so it was high time for me to give this a try. The filling is the same recipe that my great-grandmother used to make chocolate pudding. So I'm guessing this was probably my great-great-grandmother's recipe. It's OLD!
For those who’re interested, the single will be released on May 25th and there are three versions: a Regular with just the CD but two extra songs, and two Limited Editions with a CD+DVD , but only “Haina” on the CD.
He was only nineteen years old and yet, he had already made an indelible mark on the world. Last Friday evening, we lost Dane. His death has paralyzed our community. He was a 2011 graduate of Cape Fear High School in Fayetteville, NC. He was a freshman at East Carolina University this year and he planned to major in biology.
You know your husband pays attention to you when he mentions a sign he saw that was printed on cardstock, not paper but cardstock, lol.
Me: Can I ask something? In all seriousness, can I ask you to do me a favor?
We also ordered 3 of 6 cheeses from the cheese board, served with spiced walnuts and other goodies. The Mt. Tam cheese from Cowgirl Creamery is always a favorite, and this time we also tried a 12 year aged Cheddar. Crumbly, salty, sharp goodness. And I recently found out that aged cheeses are highly likely to not cause lactose intolerance. So yes, I became your experimental subject, dear readers, and took one for the team of intolerants everywhere – and live to tell about it. I have noticed that it is true – the longer a cheese ages, the more of that nasty lactose the enzymes seem to eat, and the safer it is for us to eat. Great news for me.
3 years since I looked into the solemn face of a grief counselor, as she called me "Grandma".....
Network: FOX
Pictionary- Our game only had words that started with P. (pageant, pickle, policeman etc...)
Thank you again Lorena, you're a sweetie...
But one thing never fails to deliver little bites of pleasure. It is the endless stream of brazen lies from the internet hucksters. For example, an email from the Land of Useless Exclamation Marks saying "drayton, as promised here is your Video Secrets Revealed Download!" They say "Professional video is a must when trying to create your own Brand!"
Neal Moynihan, shot down while taking a teddy bear to his little sister.
01. Inntro
Time for me to go pop some popcorn and pour myself a soda; it's 25 days til Christmas!!
Oh well…! Anyone who’s ever partook in or overseen the restorative process of a vintage or classic car, truck, or camper-van-slash-hippie-bus like Peniki, knows that you should always expect the unexpected and double the original estimate of the restoration…just in case. Also under my belt of accomplishments is that old blue chair I made-mention of before: It was my Grandmother’s at one time, and I think it might’ve belonged to my Great-Grandmother originally. Things like this that have been handed down to me tug at my heart-strings when I think of letting them go to a stranger.
7-9pm
bare a child they are both doing well
* Add pre-incarnation age as value of Life Experience.
I spent a couple of months getting all the paperwork ready in order to bring her to Cyprus. A big part of that was to get a transit visa to Turkey for her since she would have had to fly to Cyprus from there. In Turkey, they are supposedly very strict with issuing transit visas to Filipinos since they lie to enter Turkey and then work there illegally. So they asked for a contract, which we prepared and sent to her, to read it over and agree to it. She agreed to everything. Meanwhile, I asked her to get her medical tests done since HIV, Hepatitis and some other tests are required in order to have a work permit issued here. She asked for money to get her tests done, for traveling to the Capital and for her POEA papers there-in total $600. I gave them to her without questioning her, she said we could deduct it from her paycheck when she gets here. I had also told her we would pay for her plane ticket to come here, we just wanted her to fulfill her 2-year contract.
Hands down the worst part of this story is the "Battle" between the Saxons and the Vikings, in which sadly "Patchy" bites the dust. Everyone appears to think they're in a benny hill sketch; as they run in and out of the Monastery, screaming at the top of their lungs for some reason, and all the while with the sound of drumming in the background, which makes the scene even more farcical. But this hilarity passes quickly and the story comes across as strong overall, with the possible exception to the cliffhanger to episode 2 which fails pretty miserably. The whole second episode suffers as Hartnell was on holiday again for the shooting. Ironically the cliffhanger entails Vicki and Steven trying to spring the Doctor from his cell, only to discover his absence.
This actually was supposed to be a "Feature Friday" but to be honest with you I slacked a little and forgot to line up a seller to feature! lol..My mind stay so busy and I actually did email a wonderful seller of the CUTEST baby items bit I have yet to hear back. So...I'm making this FREAKY FRIDAY and feature myself! Yeah, I know..kinda shameless promotion, but oh well.
Patching Parish Council’s submission said: “It is quite clear that the applicant, rather than make preparations for moving from the site in two years’ time, is making preparations for a long-term stay – even down to referring to the caravan as Wychway Farm.”
I think I nodded. At least, he seemed to understand me.
It’s a tiny one-roomed establishment with an U shaped bar and lots of mirrors. The atmosphere was great – mainly because we were with friends and had a laugh – and it has a fantastic juke box too.
In The Problem of Pain, C.S. Lewis says, “God allows us to experience the low points of life in order to teach us lessons that we could learn in no other way.” I’ve been thinking a lot about these words and have started to wonder what lessons I can learn from sadness that I might not learn any other way. I see the following:
Woo hoo Alyson!
Just down Shoreline Blvd you'll make a lefthand turn and you're pretty much at Google. Google is not one building. Like many other high tech companies there are many sprawled out across blocks or miles into a large campus of buildings. At Google their main campus is called the Googleplex.
Anyway, I’m not reviewing Jumping the Broom (which I actually enjoyed, but maybe my standards are different after 2 a.m.), but it just so happens to jibe almost perfectly with the book I’ve been reading for the last two weeks—Touré’s Who’s Afraid of Post Blackness? What it Means to be Black Now.
The competition old silvery metal pieces add some staying power in to the monotone hue edinburgh map supply a cutting – edge achieve in the generally sort.
MAC Penultimate Eye Liner in Rapidblack - This is a pen-style liquid eye liner that is easy to apply, even if you have a shaky hand like me! It's the best liquid liner I've tried and has great staying power.
Top of the box
Ben and Molly honeymooned in Playa del Carmen for a week and had a wonderful time. After four years of long distance (including their first year of marriage), the couple moved to Charleston, South Carolina and is enjoying their time together. They are so thankful for such a beautiful wedding and the support and love of their friends and family.
The second one was given to my brother & sister-in-law and their 2 boys.
Our focus is on the 2nd segment of the show. We are in Nogalas, Arizona at the US Border Patrol Point of Entry. We are fallowing Deputy George Gonzales and Officer Nathaniel Garcia as they walk down to the actual border to let a Ferrcarrilas De Mexicano (Better known as Ferrmoex) train that is heading to interchange with the Union Pacific come through the border gate. After opening the gate, we fallow Deputy Gonzales to the yard in Rio Rico where they will be inspecting the train after they got some intel that some of the Cement Hoppers (They actually us the proper terms) stayed in Mexico a couple extra days and were in a part of Mexico they were not supposed to be in. The train comes into site with Ferromex ES44AC #4654 (General Electric, Built, Erie, Pennsylvania, Frame and Serial # Unknown). As the train passes, the Border Patrol agents see two Mexican men riding on a CTRN Covered Hopper. One of the officers runs towards the car but the gentlemen pulls himself up to avoid being captured.
So modern physics has given us these two ideas, both of which are interesting, and both of which resonate with our informal notion of “coming into existence out of nothing” — one of which is time evolution from empty space (or not-even-space) into a universe bursting with stuff, and the other of which posits time as an approximate notion that comes to an end at some boundary in an abstract space of possibilities.
Whilst an argument could be made for putting all locally delivered public services under the authority of elected local Councillors, I cannot see such an argument for unelected and unaccountable Local Strategic Partnerships.
I have had an awesome day. A beautiful breeze and sunshine filled day. Got to meet lots of great people and bless one young lady and my to do list was ta-done by 4 p.m. at the store.
One of my friends was actually picked to be a volunteer dancer for this newest work from British "bad-boy" choreographer Michael Clark; that was pretty much the only reason I went to see it in the first place, having not heard of Clark before his residency was announced as part of this year's Whitney Biennial. I'll say this for Who's Zoo?: Despite its chilly futuristic feel—the video projections, the costumes, the occasional mechanized movements—this 45-minute work features some of the more sexually suggestive movements I've ever seen in a live dance. If nothing else, this was worth seeing just to see a male dancer do some strange things with a stool. I'm not sure what it all added up to—again, my relative ignorance of dance is probably showing right now—but hey, for the most part, I had fun watching it.
But, circumstances change, and they changed badly enough that I ended up moving in with a friend in Ohio again. Bear in mind that at this point I had managed to stay out of her clutches for at least a year. It had just passed my twentieth birthday when she worked her charms on me again and managed to convince me to come down to live with her again in Florida.
For the dog – this should be his or her bed. When the puppy is overwhelmed or frustrated, send them to bed, simply by saying, “bed”. For the gayby – As you train your new gayby they will rebel. Anything wanting to assert its own independence is apt to do this, unfortunately. Consider it a teaching opportunity. These rebellious moments lead to a heightened frustration and that heightened frustration can lead to tantrums, high pitched screaming, and then the throwing of soggy cheerios. When this happens send the gayby to the “naughty mat” until he or she calms down. For the drag queen – As you set rules, a drag queen may become violent or at the very least bitchy. A drag queen is used to getting her way, especially after the sun goes down. So, your drag queen may use her heels as ninja stars, hurling them at various members of the audience because they are not properly listening to her lip synched version of Dolly Parton’s “Jolene”. When this happens, take your position in the wing of the stage and calmly, yet assertively yell, “House!” Keep repeating “HOUSE!” until your drag queen retreats to her studio apartment with her sequenced tail between her legs.
Chal kayo (go well),
Death Cloud -- I'm a sucker for a good mystery, and this first in a new teen Sherlock Holmes series is just good, clean fun. Yes, it's a murder mystery, but in an adventure, not gory kind of way.
No eyebrow will be raised.
Alternatively, after applying the eyeshadow on your eyelid, draw your eyelids using either the eyeliner or eye pencil. Line both your upper and lower lids near your eyelashes. Start with the inner corner and apply outward. Eye pencils tend to be easier to control to prevent smudge.
Over several decades, however, the nation that the magazine was set up to review changed so spectacularly that there is no longer any certainty that it is an actual nation with a unified culture and identity. The most obvious of the many divisions that have arisen is that Blacks are no longer held to the same standards as the rest of the country, with the result that a great many of them have simply given up trying to live in a way compatible with Whites. While some see this as a disaster for the “Black family,” it can also be seen as the rejection of what are essentially Northern European modes of behaviour, and the reassertion of the tribal and extended family patterns inherent in African populations.
I'm glad to buy a few singles of this, since the DR 6 was a complete disaster in my opinion. I know it wasn't in your opinion. Feel free to write your opinions down somewhere. And yes, I know 6 was a barley wine and 11 is an imperial IPA. But you'll be hard pressed to point out any substantive differences in the two styles.
Now it turns out it's not a specific items.. it's literally £5 to spend on whatever you please in store. This cheered me up no end, as I have plenty of bodywash stuff at the moment!
Hong Kong Departure: 9:55 pm (Monday)
* SEA CAVE: A partially collapsed submarine facility that is now flooded with 1/2 Msnk (less than 3'). The only portions above the waves are the loading piers of flooded and partially collapsed dry dock bays. It is atop the furthest and driest of these piers that the Hag makes her domicile in a heap of boxes and industrial containers, decorated with enticing tools and machine parts, with hints of holographic crystalline computer tech scattered about.
Robert Adrien Jalbert, 61, Swampscott, Mass.
XXII
So it has been a while since my last post. The HD on the laptop ate it big time. It started making a couple errors so I figured I would back it up. Well it completly failed while backing up. Big time bummer, lost all my data. So I have been starting from scratch.
According to Witnesses, scores of villagers scavenging for fuel were killed in the air strike.
GSMC of the Tbilisi-based Ilia State University said, that epicenter of the earthquake was in Azerbaijan, about 25 kilometers from the Georgian border.
Like most writers, I have a day job to pay the bills. And I have one child still in high school and one in college. My daughter in high school keeps up pretty busy with her athletics and the various academic activities we've had the pleasure to share with her. And we have a big house and with a big lots that needs a lot of spring clean up. Those are my excuses for not getting writing done over the past month.
The key section of the Florida law states: “A person who is not engaged in an unlawful activity and who is attacked in any other place where he or she has a right to be has no duty to retreat and has the right to stand his or her ground and meet force with force, including deadly force if he or she reasonably believes it is necessary to do so to prevent death or great bodily harm to himself or herself or another or to prevent the commission of a forcible felony.”
This recipe needed a little tweaking for my taste, mostly with the sugar in the cookie dough (changed from regular sugar to powdered sugar to not have a grainy texture in the dough, and the cooking time for the brownies. Also, thank heavens the cookie dough doesn't require any eggs (not that I ever say no to raw cookie dough with eggs... heh).
Anyway, the sun’s been shining for a few days now, and so I’m going to have to ask Mr Young to get the boxes down from the top of my wardrobe so I can take out all the little creased bundles and stuff in all my winter clothes instead.
11 Dreams I'll Never See (acoustic version) 7:25
Dio didn’t start his band by himself, that he recruited Vinian Cambell and Jimmy Bain, plus Vinnie Applice from Black Sabbath. They released their first album official called Holy Diver, which was among the only albums that were truly the initial members. Later after several changes in the band they released ten studio albums in total.
Apologies for being enigmatic but as the participants in today's meeting with Nick Gibb felt that they would prefer it if today's meeting remained confidential, I have to respect that.
Goodbye Bread – Ty Segall
The big event at the Javitz Center’s IGN theater Friday night was the Kevin Smith and Jason Mewes live recording of their podcast Jay & Silent Bob Get Old.
What: Score Football autographs, including Hot Rookies, Inscriptions and more
With the strong green sprouts
This is a steam-punk vision of Victorian London, full of exotics and absinthe, monocles and corsets, and overlaid with just a Patina of grime. It’s rather light on the real bone grinding filth and poverty that made up much of life in Victorian London but that’s fine and in keeping with the tone of the piece. Oddly, despite the horrifying nature of the crime at the centre on this novel, it’s a relatively jovial read and we feel instinctively that good will prevails. If you want darker meat, can I suggest Michael Cox’s The Meaning of Night or the even more salty The Fiend in Human by John MacLachlan Gray
“Oh come on! Don’t tell me you didn’t enjoy the World’s Fair! It’s not like we were stuck in the middle of nowhere. Philadelphia is a beautiful city. I saw you with that man, what was his name?”
Las Vegas year around is full of entertainment that you can’t get enough of. On Saturday May 5, the entertainment goes up a notch because one it’s Cinco de Mayo, and Floyd Mayweather Jr. is in town. He has another big paper view fight coming his way. “Money Mayweather” which is what the undefeated boxer prefers to be referred to as, will be facing Miguel Cotto for the Junior Middleweight title.
Happy birthday Charlie and America!!!!!!!!
When I’m in middle school, I became really good friends with a group of people in a band called “Heavy Noise”. The band is something similiar to Nirvana, X Japan, and I really liked it. And when I’m in Highschool I was in a band called “Siren”.
The Whites of South Africa today may have the guts and they maybe willing to go to war, but they have it all wrong. They think they would be going up against a conventional enemy in a fair fight where the rules would apply as expected in conventional warfare. Unfortunately this is not the case and they would be killed like flies, unless they learn to understand and adapt accordingly to meet the requirements for this challenge.
Hello, or Howdy as I may soon be saying. My name is Joseph Granado, but most of campus knows me as Juicy J. After 5 years at UTSA, my time here has finally come to an end. I will be transferring to a different graduate program at Texas A&M University, and I wanted to go out with a bang before leaving. So I thought to myself, what could I possibly be involved with that exemplifies who I am as a person. The answer was quite simple, I enjoy dancing and working with kids. This is when FTK (For the Kids Dance Marathon at UTSA) was brought to my attention. I remember watching multiple videos about the organization and knew it was a good fit for me. Not only did I become a new member of the organization, but a large leadership opportunity became available as well. After a quick interview and my enthusiasm regarding innovation, I became the Morale Overall Chairperson for FTK this year.
His name is Rob Earnshaw, and his e-mail address is (posted long style so spammers can't scoop it up): robertearnshaw at btinternet dot com.
This was a film that had it all as far as a fanboy as myself is concerned. The drama, pathos, comedy and action elements of the comic and cartoon world put in a film experience. I’m really glad that the film impressed me as it did, as I have quite low standards for films after many disappointments, many of the films leading up to the Avengers, for instance were hit and miss. There is a sense in which this film seems to capture a mindset of the status quo. The plotline of the tesseract as a form of ‘clean’ energy is an interesting one of contemporary relevance. The clandestine behaviour of S.H.I.E.L.D. and their borderline unethical plans reflect a distrust of institutional authority. The coda of the film where various talking heads talk about the Avengers and the range of opinions about them reflect a media age where criticism and a variety of views and fears are addressed, some of these threads of discussion in the coda are addressed in the comic and animated incarnations of the Avengers and wider Marvel comics (such as the Civil War story arc).
3. Most Popular- Well, it would probably have to be when I was Freshly Pressed for the one above, but honestly, Wisdom Teeth Removal Removes Wisdom, has been very successful with google searchers. It’s been viewed 9,200 times. It’s amazing how people google this, especially after Christmas. It must be a great time to get your wisdom teeth taken out. Although, I wonder how many actually go through with it after reading this blog about my son’s adventure at the oral surgeon’s office.
Even if I do, even if I don’t, I walk on by
Off The Menu is very proud to present to you, our very finest culinary creation to date! The pizza pictured above is not any ordinary pizza, it's a very sastifying to the tenth degree Marghertia Pizza. Some of you may have adventured to try a Margherita Pizza and know that the texture and indgredients can surpass an ordinary pizza, no matter how good that pie may be. To be honest with you, we did not know if our special recipe would accomplish that but now it's safe to say, that it went above and beyond in doing that. It's definitely on our lunch or dinner menu for good and we feel like it will be on yours too. With that being said, we at Off The Menu would like to outline step by step and ingredient for ingredient, how you can make this exceptional Margherita pizza at home.
On the Kis-My-Ft2 website today they listed information on the DVD’s for the Kis-My-Mint concert at Tokyo Dome. According to YesAsia they will have it available for the 20th of June! YAY! Two months away!
Before the match we get highlights from Big Show winning the IC title at Wrestlemania, making him one of five men to have held all the active titles in the WWE. The IC, Tag, US, WWE and World Titles, which is pretty impressive actually, Shawn Michaels and Owen Hart mentioned as being in that group? What is Cole smoking anyways, neither Owen or Shawn ever held the US title? Show starts out quick and tosses Cody around the ring sending Cody to the outside. Show sets up the table and goes to toss Cody into it, but Cody fights free so Show tosses Cody over the guardrail. In the ring and Show sets the table in the corner, then sends Cody into it but Cody jumps off it to hit the Disaster Kick. Show comes back with ease and tosses Cody outside to continue hammering him before tossing Cody back in. Cody bails out the other side and Show goes after him. Show tosses Cody back in the ring again but gets dropkicked off the apron, Show steps back on the table, which gives way. Cody win the match and regains the title, and Show looks furious. 2/10 basically a squash until the screwjob ending, although it was an original ending. After the match Cody celebrates regaining his title and Show spears him. Show sets up a table and chokeslams Cody through the table, and the crowd boos Show.Show looks down at the table he stepped on and grabs Cody again, then press-slams Cody over the top rope to the floor through another table.
At the moment, Josh and I are happy wanderers getting ready for a big adventure.
I could ride a beach cruiser to the farmers markets ever Saturday with to die for produce.
Weee (What he says when he spins in circles, lol)
Love is in the air....okay, okay, enough of the corney lovey, dovey stuff....right?! WRONG! I'm so corney I can't go a day being normal...what's normal anyways! LOL
There are hundreds, possibly thousands, of examples of this throughout world history…and it’s wrong. In fact, it’s always been wrong.
Tonight, I broke the gym-skipping streak by doing what was scheduled for today-35 minutes of XT. Today, it came in the form of 20 minutes on the elliptical and 15 on the bike.
My little school threw benefit horse shows each spring to raise money for our sports program before insurance forbade public fun and diving boards. In addition to allowing horses on our soccer field, we had a Jack Russell terrier as a school mascot. “Bandit” hung out in our classrooms in the days prior to chronic animal dander allergies. Childhood had more dog hair and philosophical potential before humans developed an intolerance for the same lead paint I used to nibble from my crib slats. I personally believe all the fun stopped when that douche with the coffee burns sued McDonald’s and won. Liability has certainly taken the kick out of kids’ memories these days. We’ve all turned into, like, total pussies.
Spring, St. Patrick's Day, SXSW and another Black Star Co-op Beer Social are upon us! Next Saturday, March 17th, we will be hosting our monthly Beer Social. We hope you will make time out of what looks to be a very busy day in Austin to come and enjoy some homebrew, good company, and an opportunity to learn more about the world's first cooperatively owned
In fact… I have basically committed to blogging EVEN MORE because of my new Disney-themed blog, which launched last week. If you’re interested in just my Disney blogs, check it out. I’ll post a link here every time I blog over there, so don’t worry… but if you want to add it to the blog roll now, the URL is:
On the other hand, most people only know what they hear about on the TV news or read in the papers. This wouldn’t be a problem if the media covered ALL aspects of traffic safety evenly or comprehensively, but they don’t. Media outlets are paid to make a profit through high ratings which sell advertising space. The very best way to “make the news” is to start with the truth and then sensationalize how it’s delivered. I’m not suggesting that newsmakers misinform, but I believe that they do put a spin on how they tell their stories to make them engaging and enthralling. This leads to the public becoming hyper-focused about a tiny slice of what’s really going on in the world of traffic safety. Again, the media reported stories are accurate, but don’t show the “whole picture” – they’re often out of context.
Hope to be back after all these technical difficulties are straightened out.... if not, well, then I'll just be a ghost in the machine.... not even sure if I can still get into Facebook now.
People are exempt from levy. In common law there is only two laws: do
I'm still waiting to hear the results from the interview, so I figured I should fill in the story behind this potential move. Because even if this opportunity doesn't work out, that won't be the end, I'm going to keep looking. It makes me sad to type that- unlike nearly everyone else I know, I like working for a big law firm. I genuinely like my job and I like the people I work with. But, for reasons outside my control, both of those statements are changing. And I think it's my responsibility to own my career and make changes before I become a victim of it.
These trees, also of the frailejon variety, grew quite tall on one side of the hill and short on the other side due to the direction of the winds around the mountains stunting their growth.
1 small bell pepper
Did you like it?
Oh, and feel free to post any questions that you would like me to ask Derren.
I know I have shared this digi with you before and said I wasn't too sue on where it was from, I can now tell you its from Whoopsidaisy, but I don't know the name of it, I have been over there tonight and a couple have bought my eye... may have to pop over there tomorrow when the brain is functioning better!! I coloured the image up a while ago and decided to make her up tonight....
I miss the 90's. I do.
OH what a day! I met some good friends at the Big Stamp and Scrapbooking show at Alexandra Palace yesterday and had such fun! I saw my first view of "The Shard" as well!
The perfect pour revealed a healthy, but not overpowering head. The beer had a clear and beautiful amber hue. My first impression of the aroma was traditional American hops, but I have have learned not to trust the initial aroma of a just poured beer. The smell you get while the head is spraying microscopic droplets can be deceiving. As the sprites calmed down, the aroma changed. Was that orange? Orange and, and, was that vanilla? I took a sip and was rewarded with a nice creamy mouthfeel, the sweetness of toffee, followed by a bit of alcohol warmth mixed with subtle floral hops in the finish.
In a mircowave safe bowl melt the candy corn, stiring every 15 seconds until melted. The melted candy will not be fluid and flow, but be grainy and somewhat lumpy.
*yellow cake with vanilla frosting, dipped in chocolate (wonderful)
The scene in the bathroom, let me set it for you….
Colonial First State CEO Brian Bissaker said that in communicating the difficult information, such as in times of restructure, the best plan of attack is to let people hear it straight from the horse’s mouth.
Quetta police said the body of the Muslim convert was found wrapped in plastic in an orchard with a note saying he had been killed by the Taliban. A sharp knife was used to sever Dale’s head from the body, although it was not immediately clear if that was the cause of his death.
If you dabble in the writing and publishing industry, unless you've gone blackout the last two years, then you've heard about the surge of self-publishing (or Indie publishing) as things go more digital. And since you've likely heard all the pros and cons and predictions from a whole bunch of people with more credentials than me, I'm not even going to get into that discussion. What I do want to say is that I've decided not to pursue that direction right now.
You know the advice, "If you wore it the first time around, don't wear it the second." I doubt many of us were young women in the 1920s, so we can adopt as much as we like of this era.
The later part of my day was a lot of fun, too. After running a quick errand, my mom dropped me off at the gym I go to and I finished a pretty quick, simple workout. I warmed up with 12 mins. on the stairmaster, then completed an interval workout based off of this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVp8WbznVRc but I added 1 extra exercise = 7 rounds of mt. climbers, too. So my workout looked like this:
Anyway, I want to share my patterns with you guys, for free. So click here to get to the PDF of my monkey finger puppet pattern (on Google docs) and feel free to print it, use it, customize it, & share it! And please leave me comments to let me know how it goes or if you have any questions. I'm hoping to make lots more-you can see I already made a bunny (for his Easter basket) and I'll try to post as many patterns for you as I can.
Thus it was left to always surprising Ted Turner -- author of the autobiography Call Me Joe -- to try to inject some life into the conference. Turner, a longtime supporter of the president, said that Obama had made "a big mistake" by ramming through Obamacare rather than cap-and-trade. As he put it in his inimitable way, "If we don't stop global warming, we'll be extinct, and then we'll be really sorry."
It is the dragons that bring change.
The Owl looked up to the stars above,
Lowles doesn't believe in parliamentary democracy (or indeed in any kind of democracy).
(c) 2012, K Patrick Moody
And grow
If you refuse to let go
We made an appointment for this upcoming Monday to sit down and talk about what our next plan of action is!
As he streaked to and made halt at the castle, glimmered his armour like some old forgotten adage ;
Last night I got off my mopey ass and went to the pub with a bunch of Rich's work buddies. These are all big, bluff, manly men who have been all around the world for many years for work and have seen it all. They've been everywhere and done everything. Tell ya what, there's nothing better for cheering up a mopey gal on her birthday than alot of beer and raunchy tales of the world told by a bunch of rough, tough, cussin' guys. They just good naturedly kept me beered up and treated me like one of the boys. Well, mostly like one of boys. One of the boys with cleavage, maybe. It was fun. Thanks guys. Really.
The next one I wanted to do some kind of hybrid with printing some word-art brushes on a piece of letter paper. Did the photo series and put a word on quote on that too. Got to use some scraps and some other little tidbits.
Peel baked meringue from parchment paper and store in airtight container or serve immediately!
As a result, I was given responsibility to oversee a dining room that served three meals a day for up to a thousand people, with dozens of employees under my authority. There I learned how to do everything from scheduling to filling out payrolls to dealing with angry customers to disciplining staff members with grace… all things that were invaluable in preparing me for the job I have now!
True Grit, a 1968 novel by Arkansas native Charles McColl Portis, is a highly regarded piece of modern American fiction. It has twice been made into major motion pictures and once filmed for TV.
And I had 781 downloads. That means 781 people had Safe Harbor in their hands last night.
I feel like there are infinite threads of our lives, different paths with different experiences and futures, stretching out before us and when we buy a house, we will not only be choosing a thread, but cutting through all the others. One chosen house means a thousand unchosen lives. Goodbye Mrs. Smith who hands out caramel apples on Halloween. No more tree fort in the perfect tree with the fork. So long sliding down wooden stairs in sleeping bags.
I want to show you my Back to School decor. I don't usually get too excited about these kinds of things. The times are few and far between when I feel like I have AND know how to coordinate an ensemble of things to display for a given season. You are the supreme expert in this area, and so I learn a lot from you.
Consider Phlebas, who was once handsome and tall as you.
If your child is hurt by cyber-bullying, give the child emotional support by saying, “I am so sorry this is happening to you and so proud of you for having the courage to tell me. This is not your fault and we are going to do what we can to make it stop.” Ask for help from school authorities, your Internet provider or cell phone company, and, if necessary, the police.
I needn't have worried,Chef managed to find a discreet parking position for the pick up..
He tapped a few buttons and started mumbling to himself, indicating to the nurse who was being connected at what time. They went to each one as he called them out checking vitals and reporting back.
Very good audience recording, worth the download, - BackyardT
Being mad can mean many states, did you know that? The actual definition of the word here can mean anything from being insane to actually being crazy about something; very excited, if you will.
While it's always disappointing when this happens to you, science demands that the hypothesis be modified to suit the data, not the other way around. If you can't - if the modification causes the theory to come apart at the seams - then science demands that you abandon the hypothesis. Some people don't like that.
April 15– Tuesday– New York City– The New York Times notes that “T. B. Peterson & Brothers, of Philadelphia, have now in press and will publish, on Saturday next, a new work of great merit, entitled The Channings; a Domestic Novel of Real Life, by Mrs. Henry Wood.” Mrs Henry Wood is the pen name of Ellen Price Wood, an English writer who, two years ago, created a literary stir with her novel East Lynne.
“I am serious. Do not subscribe to Utusan and Berita Harian,” he was quoted as saying.
So here's the menu of the dessert table:
I lit yr. cigarette,/
The knife aside, I find this sheath system to be so excellent that I am tempted to make a kydex sheath with harness slots cut to use it with other knives like my Boker Trench. In fact, I think that once some folks get a hold of these sheaths that folks would buy the harness alone. With wider harnesses, this could take off like the popular Tek Lock.
It didn’t take me long to get back for a visit! So within a couple of weeks of leaving, I returned for a few days stay at the lodge as a guest! It was amazing seeing the bush so lush and green, but with the abundance of water everywhere, the game viewing was a bit of a challenge, and for the most part there wasn’t a great deal going on.
Have a lovely week!
And have some for our tea - oh
I decided this was a question that needed an answer, so I queried my fellow EMUs (except I tricked them into responding by phrasing it more like “the significance of what we do.” I’m crafty that way.)
thus has life endured while callous time has abandoned…
The cost of decent cover for your home is set to soar, as climate change pushes up the twin risks of flooding and subsidence. But, even more frighteningly, around 200,000 homes in Britain could be left uninsurable within the next three months as an agreement that ensures flood-prone properties can continue to be insured comes to an end.
Me: T_T
“Don’t be silly! We know who you are! Just because you cut your hair doesn’t mean we don’t know you!”
This is really sort of a hybrid post – it’s my Pin of the Day and also a Website to Watch…in that I want you to check out this amazing paper company’s website! If you are lucky enough to live in Central Florida like me, you can go to their ADORABLE shop in Winter Park, or one of the many amazing stores they are in across the country! Here are a few of my favorite designs:
Back in my hospitality days, I could feel the different energies of each property that I was responsible for. On a local level the tone was set by the General Manager (GM). The GM who managed by walking around, interacted with the guests and staff members, would roll up their sleeves and help anyone with any task, established a positive tone and led by example, those were the properties that “felt good”. I could feel it the moment I walked through the front door. The opposite is true for the GM who spent most of their time in the office, managed by memo, and rarely walked the property to interact with staff members and guests. Those hotels did not exude much positive energy when entering their doors. They had a more generic feeling and some felt downright depressed. Those were usually the hotels that were not performing to corporate standards and eventually a new GM was hired.
can we see the times go by
4) 50 Double-Unders – rest 20 sec.
Nearly 100 blogs have linked up to bring you dozens and dozens of exciting cloth diaper giveaways. Enter my giveaway below and then hop to the other blogs listed at the bottom of this post to enter their fluffy giveaways too! Each blog has a cloth diaper prize valued at $15 or more, and many blogs have prize packs worth over $100.
hen of the woods mushrooms sauteed with blackberries, thyme and truffle oil on grilled brioche
Did you watch the show? What was your favorite part? Or your favorite gown? How'd you feel about Billy Crystal hosting again? I thought he was better than James Franco and Anne Hathaway last year, but still not as good as he's been in the past. Overall, the show was only okay for me. Good thing the dresses were extra lovely to make up for it!
Here’s the offer:
I was in my local town yesterday and was really pleased to find this LBD party/evening dress-its a Christopher Kane for Topshop limited edition from September 2009 and for £14.99 I had to snap it up from my local British Heart Foundation charity shop.
Official Blurb
So after this lovely evening this argument continued over the internet. Some friends of mine were upset because I called a girl a twat and a poser because she was being a poser twat. However my friends did not feel this way and got mad at me and continued this argument that had been going on for days! Eventually I was able to get everyone to chill out after the unteenth try at changing the subject. One of my friends was being really sweet though, she just stepped in and started telling everyone to get off my back. It was really sweet and much appreciated!
Additions such as WR Chaz Schillens, S LaRon Landry, WR Scotty McKnight, QB Tim Tebow and TE Hayden Smith highlight the Jets moves this offseason.
#4 - Awwww, come ON.
I realize that all of you reading this may not be Christians, or may not have a belief system in place. Please understand that I'm not posting this to offend, but as a Christian and believer in Christ, I pray and ask for prayer when needed. In the same token, anything you ever read on this blog is written by me, and doesn't reflect anyone else's beliefs or opinions that is associated with the colourQ.
I’m looking forward to worship. I think my soul’s lenses need cleaning.
But Holy Moly..for an HOUR! Who preaches for an hour? For that matter? Who listens for an hour? It will be good for me. I also have the chance to preach again at Grace in a couple of weeks. And all of this? Has brought me back to taking time to sit still in the word. And for this, I am grateful.
C: Of course I have and I think it’s bullshit.
Gaming stuff has been going superb. Many are grabbing a copy of The Manor and writing posts. I've got most of them linked on my THE MANOR page above. If you wrote a review of it and I missed it please just put the link in the comment section. Even if thought it was a steaming pile of crap I'll still link to it. Sales continue to be steady.
BG: Yeah, so Gary calls him Newley, Tim looked mad, like he does when Gary talks to him like that, but he stopped talking. So Gary passes the bottle to him and says, “Take a swig, Newley.” That’s what we did once something was settled. And Tim takes a swig and hands it to me and I pretend that there’s a hair or something on it so I can wipe it without seeming like I don’t want anybody’s germs before I take a swig myself. But nobody was looking at me anyway. Nobody ever does. I let it splash against my mouth but I didn’t let any go in my mouth. It tastes awful. Then I passed it to Dave.
In 2010 Jonathan Sarfati launched a book in response titled, The Greatest Hoax on Earth? Refuting Dawkins on Evolution. The book was probably the most important that I have read to learn about the evolutionary theory. Sarfati quotes heavily from Dawkins’ book, and then supplies a response in the text below. He employs countless references in his objections; a rough count would be over 1000 citations from various sources. He never, surprisingly, is rude in his criticisms or is disrespectful. He seriously tries to explain the problems of evolutionary theory in a fair and objective way.
I just need to squeeze a photo of me somewhere in my post. HAHAHHAA. Okay, so I decided to place it here.
“That’s where genius comes in,” Pukey said. “We just change to road signs for a couple of days. When that road crew comes we’ll just point them ten miles that-a-way.” Pukey pointed East.
Bertien van Manen started out as a fashion photographer - and she still has an eye for detail and pattern - but inspired by Robert Frank's book The Americans (1958), she decided on a more documentary approach. For a time she photographed in black-and-white, but she changed her style radically in the early 1990s. From that point on, she travelled with great regularity through Eastern Europe and Asia. Her many travels and intensive contact with the people she met resulted in the book A Hundred Summers, a Hundred Winters in 1994. A logical follow-up was East Wind West Wind (2001), which was shot in China. In 2005 Van Manen published Give Me Your Image, comprised of photos of interiors in which the residents had placed a private photo of their own. Let's Sit Down Before We Go (2010) is her most recent photo book. The character of this book is less documentary than her earlier books and therefore allows more room for the viewers' imagination.
I have been mulling over the last few days about why we do what we do. I don’t mean as individual officers per se, but as a Force both Nationally and Collectively.
While the media in general are paying far more attention to Greece and its determination to play by the rules and thus win back market respect, Hungarian maverick Viktor Orban takes the opposite view. He may well represent a far bigger threat to the shibboleths of our current form of capitalism.
You get the picture. Suffice to say, I’m kind of afraid of failure and while I realize that the rewrite exists for a reason, I cannot bring myself to just keep going. It’s the condescending perfectionist inside of me that makes my hands close the notebook and put it back on the shelf.
This would be very much the thin end of the wedge. Because defining what is or isn't in the public interest has proven to be pretty much impossible. And once it starts how far would they go? I urge you to read these two articles from the Guardian if you want more intelligent and less hysterical comment on this.
An accidental conversation was the spark for a solid business partnership and a May 12 charity golf fundraiser between the West Broward Bar Association (WBBA) and Seminole Middle School in Plantation.
1 Tbsp. brown sugar
The hybrid version:
A few words of caution, or perhaps preparation, are probably fair. A craftsman/woman is often only as good as his/her tools. Use a fresh, sharp razor for detail work. Splurge on yourself here. You’re worth it, baby! If the underbrush has become rather unkempt after many seasons, more modern mechanical aid may be advisable. A good, electric trimmer (something that plugs in or has a wall charger…none of that disposable battery crap) can subdue the perimeter, allowing a safer encroachment for more delicate hand-tools.
The more you do this, the easier it shall be for you to remember not only that you have great Love inside of you, but that youaregreat Love.
The ‘Evidence’
I teach a primary 6 class, in a Belfast school, in a large council estate. Every morning I start the day with a poem taken a "poem for every day of the year" type of anthology. I read it aloud and then ask the children for a show of hands as to how many points out of 10 they would give it. Every class I have taught love this. They love poems that rhyme or those that make them laugh but many have also voted for poems they haven't understood but which they "just like the sound of". Throughout the year we cover a wide variety of poetry, some of which would sometimes be considered to be adult fayre, such as Shakespeare or Tennyson or Wordsworth. The children carefully listen and are really keen to offer their opinion on the poem of that day. On Friday I remind them of the week's poems and we vote again, this time for poem of the week. The winning poem is photocopied and is put on a small display area on the classroom wall. When the previous winning poem is taken down the children all argue about who can take and keep the previous week's poem.
Back (l-r):
He turned around at the mention of MM.
Jim Pugh: trombone
This one is for emotional reunions. At a fair distance from your beloved, shout their name, open your arms and a look on you face that says I’ve longed for this moment and run towards your partner. You may have seen this in films where it usually plays out in slow motion. Videojug suggest you try and slow it down too. At a normal speed this isn’t a hug, it’s a rugby tackle, or a wresling move or a total mix.
Fortunately we’ve still got the knack of finding and developing talent. If Arsenal is to challenge for the title again we’ll need that upper hand, as well as a break when it comes to injuries. We need the fans to maintain their current fervour, understand the reasons why we win games and appreciate the mitigating factors when things don’t work out.
IV.
PORTLAND, Ore. – As a thank you to loyal customers and craft beer enthusiasts, Hopworks Urban Brewery (HUB) is celebrating its third anniversary by offering $2 pints, food specials and 20 percent off all HUB merchandise on Wednesday, March 30.
In the second example the suggestion is mentally presented. They, the boss’s mates are making life hard for her. So they mentally suggest “ramming it down my throat” and she would mistake this as her own thoughts. And these people do not have to be very closely related in this case because they are right there relating to her and making life hard for her. If they are regular clients and she worked there for a long time, she would know them well –the entanglement is stronger. However if they make these suggestions directly to her, while in the office, then they can rely on a more casual relationship.
LP, " Thank you Ann (from Zoolatry on our sidebar) for the graphics. If you would like Ann to do some graphic work for you she charges a small fee for wonderful work :) "
This being said, the General now wants to lecture Canadians on being good citizens. He wants Omar Khadr home in Canada, free and with his family. After all he is “a child soldier”. The world has changed and so has Canada, General. The world is a far more cruel and dangerous a place than it was. People are trying to kill us because we are Canadians, General, and one of those people is... or was Omar Khadr.
Oh, can’t you see it’s such a sin?
C) a planet opposite Earth on the other side of the sun.
On a Saturday night
“Yes. This is.”
A nice read for all those Londoners who are not really from here, i.e. most of us: Adrian Gill on the city, “the most successful mongrel casserole anywhere”… read article
“What the …?” the tracker’s voice trailed off. “He must be mixing bird shot and buckshot.”
Many spiritual traditions teach that we are all connected and now some Quantum Physicists are saying the same thing. These ancient teachings often mention the most important thing we can do is help others. When we help others we are also helping ourselves because we are all connected.
Personal uncleanliness is one of the great failings that has been attributed to the Boer, but when it is taken into consideration that water is a priceless possession on the plains of South Africa, no further explanation is needed. The canard that the Boers go to bed without undressing is as absurd as the one of like origin that an entire family sleeps in one bed. Yet these fictions constantly appear, and frequently over the names of persons who have penetrated into South Africa no farther than Cape Town.
stamps: moka kristie (taylored expressions)
Some Differences in Pesticides and Toxic Chemicals between Wild and Farmed and Fish
- Will Rogers
We flew in to San Francisco and then rented a van to drive the three hour trip to Carmel Valley. Upon our arrival in Carmel, we settled into a lovely property called Holman Ranch, where we were greeted by horses, wild flowers, and an idyllic view of Carmel Valley. We met up with Laurie Arons, the mastermind behind the event, who was overseeing the ranch-style rehearsal dinner (lassos and all) for the wedding guests. Laurie enlisted the help of Kathleen Deery for florals and design, and together they created one of the most beautiful events I've ever seen.
I have 6 matching teaspoons.
American Indian Healing Arts Kavasch, E. Barrie, Baar, Karen 1999 USA: Bantam
I have a new appreciation for those crying, blubbering idiots on The Bachelor. You know the ones. The girls that cry so hard, they are snubbing in the limo. The ones that hyperventilate. The ones that forgo their limo ride home & exit in the back of the ambulance. THOSE girls. I could be one of them.
My success and lead in the league was built upon the foundations of a brilliant August and September where at one point I had a 100+ point lead, but since then I’ve been fairly good at best. My colleagues were slowly chipping away, desperate to overthrow the Manchester United of their league and replace it with Anyone-But-Matt.
Today Nicki Elson is making us drag our sad, closeted 80's crushes out into the light. If I had any dignity left (which I don't, thanks to having children) this would jettison the remaining shreds. As it is, I have a confession to make:
Then it was onto Even Greenland, whose only single (and possibly only release of any sort) made it's way onto the WO bandwagon in 2008. More recently I obtained a less static-laden copy of this 45, and naturally a redo was in order. A thorough unknown from Alabama who recorded with Tim Lee of the Windbreakers in 1985, Even Greenland's paisley-inflected indie guitar pop, was coupled with a vocalist who sounded much like the gent from the Moody Blues. An unlikely but winsome combination.
In conversation with a psychologist friend once, he said, “We are all biased. All of us. Even judges. It’s part of being human.”
CV: The text is like signing your name on a letter or document. It's one's own writing, and it guarantees that one stands behind what is written. I struggle with the writing every time-- it is hard to do, very permanent, and must be done on every single piece throughout my history. It is the best I can do, but often looks imperfect. It also probably keeps me outside of some curatorial worlds, it's perhaps too weird, too personal, too off-beat in a cool Chelsea world of photo --filled with the slick conceptual object-photos of Roe Ethridge, Oliver Boberg, Sarah Charlesworth, Gursky, etc.
This is a vast improvement, in terms of story and dialogues, over this writer-director combo ‘s previous Once upon a time in Mumbai. Milan Lutharia and Rajat Arora are here fully advocating for the commercial format of melodrama and dialoguebaazi, and they seem to be relishing it even more this time because this movie talks a lot about ‘bums on the seats’ being the only thing that matters in this hypocritical morally-policed world. I don’t concur to it completely but I’m happy that Milan and Rajat stand by their characters and deliver a hard-core and unabashedly entertaining ‘single screen’ movie.
I may have possibly seen this kid a few times. He’s as old as my brother, and as I sat on a chair beside a small table I saw his elementary graduation pictures. He’s the typically cute chubby kid. He was raised well, and is loved. He’s the only son of his parents and my dad said that his only dream now is to finish high school. He refused visitors before, but for my father he came down and allowed us to see him because my father brought him Christ’s body. His name is Christian, after all. He listened to TV mass because he cannot go to church as he tires easily. He’s thinner than Mr. Bean now and he fails to meet anyone’s eye because his hair had fallen out so he’s been nursing a cap on his head. I keep looking at the ‘before’ pictures and the aftermath of scientific attempts to lengthen his life. I try to smile at him, but I was shaking because I was on the verge of tears. I remember my father, strapped in bed, unable to speak and his eyes were like those of a Siberian husky. I couldn’t see Christian’s eyes but I can feel his spirit resonating, and it almost made me cry.
However, there is another Linky tool available, which I have popped on the top of my left sidebar. If you want to read some more info about this, go over HERE.
Even as lense material become less bulky and painful in weight, my glasses remained kinda/sorta obnoxiously thick.
The first step is not an easy step to take. Many people joke about taking that “first step” but very few actually accomplish it. It’s the beginning of a new year. Why not take this new year and make it a new opportunity for a new life? Are you currently living in denial? Are you seeking fulfillment but unsure what that fulfillment is? Proverbs 14:12 says,
1And I saw a new heaven and a new earth: for the first heaven and the first earth were passed away; and there was no more sea.
KUALA LUMPUR — Home Minister Datuk Seri Hishammuddin Hussein today called last weekend’s BERSIH rally ‘a failure’, pointing out that the air quality in the city has not only stayed dirty and smoggy, it got worse.
Even with having to remove the liner after a few hours, I enjoyed the next few nights snore free. If I didn't think that he would notice, I would rub the liner on his pillow every night to get just a little bit of the essential oils onto it so that I could continue to enjoy snore free nights.
When it comes to Arlington, it can’t just be described in words. You get the sights, sounds and aromas that keep visitors traveling to and from Arlington year round. It can’t just be described as “fun” for someone to believe it.
Over which the great sky stretches
Team wise and aside from the keeper issue Kenny appears to have few problems particularly as Agger and Johnson returned from injury on Tuesday. Maxi, after his two goals on Tuesday, should be in contention however I suspect he was bought so other players could rest? Elsewhere apparently JW Henry is unavailable he’s gone to Boston to watch the rounders, a prior engagement or a statement about where the FA Cup lies in his priorities?
This can be applied to most areas of your life. In love and relationships you have a comfort zone and if you creep outside of it you will either scramble or de-compensate. Depending on what your personal comfort zone is, your reaction to people in relationships will be controlled by where you feel safest. Although, where you feel safe may not be the healthiest place to be.
Those are luxuries, Justice Thomas said.
Then came the main course, frankly I was already quite full from the first course, (not to mention apero nibbles).
Because I just can't stop at one project, I decided to make a mobile for my little baby. Everything she has is pretty much handed down so I thought it would be fun for her to have something that is just for her.
I have also met some of the people with whom your sister is working, including two mothers who lost their daughters to adoption, one in a so called “open adoption.” I guess the fact that you lost your son to adoption puts you in the same category as these women. OH! THAT’S RIGHT! You still had him with you, didn’t you? I guess that REMOVES you from that category.
But to be sure let's get all scientific and see if these are legit. (I am not really going to get scientific, those brain cells were left in a tiny glass of some unknown black liquor earlier this week.) They match up exactly to the older Explorers that I had stashed.
Row 9-11- Rep row 8. Finish off.
Here's how you make it:
It seems, too, that no matter how many kids you add, experience doesn't count for a whole lot. They each present new challenges and experiences that you never encountered before. And just when you think you might finally make it through the wild jungle of child-rearing, you face that inexplicable new animal: the adult child.
that you will meet someone and never give up on happiness,
Here's the schedule, to make it easier:
This blousy knit top looks great with the super fitted black leggings because the proportion is balanced. The color blocking on the top is super cute but not over the top. The salmon color on the top is perfectly paired with the salmon color in the necklace, which adds a little sparkle and excitement to this fun yet casual look. This look is incredibly comfortable, effortless, and completely in fashion. It's perfect for my day of running errands and doing chores-- I love it!!
Anyway, gang, it’s been fun, but as arguing with Jew-baiters is one of life’s more futile endeavours, I’m outta here. I do hope you get over your, uh, little difficulty.
This wallpaper is a great mix of neutrals… some cool, some warm. It was perfect for pulling in all of the shades of gray and cream in the room. I also love that it has a little bit of metallic gold in the flower petals. Just enough to add some sparkle!
The Battle of Somme claimed 60,000 lives on its first day on July 1, 1916. Four months later, 415,000 British and Dominions soldiers had been killed or wounded. The Battle of Ypres saw the Germans use a new weapon. 168 tonnes of chlorine gas was released into Allied positions. 5,000 French soldiers in the trenches died within ten minutes, 10,000 were blinded as they escaped. In 1917, the number of British casualties and injured totalled 800,000. Many of Highclere staff were wounded and killed, those sent home were the lucky ones. The missing and the ones buried on foreign soil made the impact even more heartbreaking.
Colds make us miserable grouches, and when you’ve got one, you’re usually desperate for a quick solution. Everyone from your mom to your taxi driver will give you advice on how to beat a cold … perhaps with echinacea.
Scheuer: Well Netanyahu will just tell the president what to do and what not to do. That's what Israeli prime ministers do to US presidents. And what will happen in the congress is the congressmen and women who are owned or at least bribed by AIPAC and other US citizen organizations that support Israel will threaten the FBI with budget cuts or manpower cuts if they don't stop watching the Israelis.
After various abusive emails all answered with the same reply of "ring us", I was speaking to the nice lady from Orange India this morning, her name was Alibakajidoofayeudahafajiooo - she told me they would get a line test underway and try to use the phone as little as possible for the next 4 hours...I rang back after work to find Geordie Andrew on the end of the phone "Howay man ye slowin' wi doon like!" who advised me that they wouldn't do anything until I conducted at least 3 BT speed checks. So, fuckatrust from this morning was bullshitting me.
I like to group the kids clothes and mine for that matter. I just find it easier if I am looking for a long sleeved top that they are all together...and I like to group colours together as well. I made more room on the hanging rail by moving his snow gear into a tub and also the purging of clothes as well.
while i was on the phone with the doctor, she was interrupted by a nurse.
Bust : 15.5"
In the good 'ole days when the economy was free-wheeling and the ad agency was dispensing bi-monthly paychecks into my account, I used to IM free-willy style.
I went a little crazy with my Amazon shopping. I bought a pressure canner -- a 23 quart! WooHoo! It should come on the "big brown truck of joy" tomorrow. I have no idea what I am going to can in it yet, but I will find something. I sure didn't want to have the perfect thing to can, only to not have the equipment! ;o
bits.
Contrary to everyday opinion, one of the better methods to win back a girlfriend is to be on your own. whenever you make believe you be someone altogether different, but not only Have you been costing you time, however are costing you ex’s time at the same time. When you and your ex begun adult dating, it had become likely since she was consumed by your individuality, Nevertheless, if you’re frequently conforming to people near you, you can misplaced sight of who you’re. It truly is acceptable to make changes to raise on your own, however it is not acceptable absolutely change your individuality every few a long time.
I have problems with facing the unknown. I absolutely fear it sometimes… OK most of the time.
It is an Applesauce Cake made from the
Elite 2.0?
The story takes on an even darker shade when one considers that the few other prominent corruption investigations opened by Eulex are all languishing, that, by jailing him, Eulex has removed from the scene a man who had fallen foul of the political elite, and that the head of Eulex has recently requested prior information on all “legal actions of any significant importance” (an instruction which, taken literally, covers investigations, arrests and judgments, and is incompatible with the independence of the judiciary).
Hope you're all well! xxx
And so his wife eventually persuades him to get to bed.
Hotels surrounding the Falmouth Beach Hotel, which burned down yesterday, have seen an increase in business since the blaze.
A leaf can be a …
This morning she made me coffee and I got the be the pickle in the middle while the three of us watched my all time favorite movie Moulin Rouge. It was the first time Eli had watched it all the way through.
Open to anyone 13 or older who can receive and use an egift card.
The other day, at Cost Plus, I saw a piece of art (image no longer on the site) that I liked, which was not really art. It was a low quality, unsaturated print of a piece of art onto flimsy canvas. And for something that wasn't the greatest quality, it was $129.
It's happened again, and again, and again with this friend. Some of us have taken him to rehab. Some of us have taken him in. When he didn't have anywhere to live last summer, I woke up one morning and looked out my window, and saw him sleeping in our hammock.
Spellbinder Die inked with Distress Inks
rather, it's narrowing the field down to one each month.
Now call it simplistic, but I see a solution.
Today my son has come back to The Lord through many more Miraculous events. When we out for dinner last week my son told us he wants to attend Bible College.
First I will start with Shelly Laurenston cause ya-all know she’s my favorite. Shifter’s anyone? If you enjoy a good laugh, tough women, tougher men and action, you’ll adore Shelly Laurenston/G.A Aiken.
the plants are dying and the next
all the nations that forget God.
How can this be? Many exclaim. It’s easy. The election for President that takes place the first Tuesday in November is not a national election but it is fifty separate elections. Our founding fathers set it up this way so that larger population centers would not dictate who our President would be.
postcard in your mail in the next 7 days or so. In the meantime,
Sean Harris (Isolation, Creep), Kate Dickie (Outcast), and Idris Elba (28 Weeks Later, Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance) will be alongside , Charlize Theron , Noomi Rapace, and Michael Fassbender in Ridley Scott's latest sci-fi thiller. With filming to begin in 3 weeks, Scott is being extra secure when it comes to who reads the script, not wanting it to leak on the internet. The actors not only had to sign secrecy clauses, but were only allowed to read the story if they visited Ridley’s production office. (One exception was made, when a security courier flew to an actor’s foreign location and stood guard for two hours while the screenplay was perused.)
Matt: “Exactly how quickly do you have to breathe before your head explodes?”
I confess, I journal! And I use spiral-bound paper books with a good old fashion pencil. OK, I admit I don’t have daily entries (sometimes months go-by in between my paper thoughts) and these entries are not uniform in style or address. I do however find it extremely therapeutic. (And it didn’t cost me $100 per session). My journal is the perfect place to dream, complain, to express my joy and anger, to work through the delicate intricacies of being a wife, a mother of teens and being female. To ponder, muse; delight in the things that delight me and to pose many thoughts and questions to God for help, answers and direction in life. In fact, this writing was based on a recent journal entry.
Anyway, let's review. Last week the doctor put me on a supplement to help my thyroid, and also told me to decrease my wheat intake. And after doing that, here's how I feel:
I did the eyes in advance because I wanted to use Crystal Effects and it takes a little while to dry when you use a blob to make the 3D eyes. Now we have the Multipurpose adhesive sheets, I could make them all up on the adhesive sheet, so they could easily be stuck on during the class.
There has been so much media attention lately on a piece of cloth. That’s right, a piece of cloth.
To those whom the king favored, he distributed many benefits he received.
A humble person–wait, we are talking about the highest rank in the whole Air Force, right? What about the nicest person you would ever want to sit down to picnic with? Are we still discussing the traits of a full General?
As the creator of this blog, I dreamt of this moment. I wanted to find a script that nobody else knew about, that no studio or producer or agent or manager knew existed and celebrate it here in front of the world for the first time. I was hoping to do this on a regular basis. But as we’ve found out together over the past three years, good scripts are hard to come by.
I finished my first "design" for a couples wedding shower my mom is hosting... I did 2 and Mom loved them both and Calvin (my stepdad who does that stuff for a living) was very impressed with my photoshop skills! Hahahahahah sorry that was me rolling on the floor. By photoshop skills I mean it was the first time ever working with the program.
I have watched enough Food Network to tell you that it had a tangy bite, it was earthy, and creamy.
6. Great time to see whales & dolphins!
And it is this which gives the narrative of these early chapters their unique theological significance, for what they show is that whilst the Law is necessary, it is not sufficient. The Law will, as it were, get you so far. It will give you an identity and a framework, but for the ‘big issues’ of life you need Wisdom.
It further stressed the need
Buff: Uh ... I'm sure they have, but ... Oh my, you're not wearing any underwear!
And, of course, most of one's time is spent traversing the valleys, and sometimes they aren't the valley you're expecting: Instead of the Valley of the Jolly Green Giant, you find yourself in the good old Valley of the Shadow of Death. But there are constant what-happens-next-and-how questions, large and small.
Of course.
““I am the Creator of the heavens and the earth, one in Divinity with the Father and the Holy Spirit. I am the one who spoke to the patriarchs and the prophets and the one whom they awaited. For the sake of their longing and in agreement with my promise, I assumed flesh without sin and concupiscence, by entering the womb of the Virgin like the sun shining through the clearest gem. For just as the sun does not damage the glass by entering it, likewise the virginity of the Virgin was not lost when I assumed Manhood. I assumed flesh in such a way that I did not have to forsake my Divinity, and I was no less God – with the Father and the Holy Spirit, governing and upholding all things – although I was in the womb of the Virgin in my human nature. Just as brightness is never separated from fire, so too, my Divinity was never separated from my Humanity, not even in death.
On date five (last night) I met his roommates, and was finally able to let down my guard a little. We kissed in his room, but I'm not sure if I'm crazy about him. How does one know? I don't feel butterflies in my stomach when I'm around him (maybe they're all dead). He is a pretty good looking guy, with kind eyes and a bit of scruff. But I feel like there is definitely something missing. Our interactions feel awkward to me, and at times it feels forced on my end.
blue, purple, green & white...
What makes you think you are going to be a Christian tomorrow? Only by his keeping power and authority.
In our home, my sweetheart is in charge of our Netflix queue. We're both a bit particular in our movie tastes (he more than I), and so I leave it to him to gamble on what will be worth our while. It is hard to find a good movie, right? BUT every now and then he unearths something really wonderful.
60g quinoa flakes
We shall see how this transpires eh?
Once my children were born and old enough, my husband and I ventured further south in the Baja Peninsula and often camped on the beautiful sandy shores of Rosarito Beach. Youth in general takes little into account except the enjoyment of the moment, and we were no exceptions. Usually traveling with my husband’s brothers and their young families or girlfriends, we never stopped to consider the dangers of traveling in Baja but only the enchanting beauty of our destination.
Customer: "I don't have any television! I woke up this morning and there's nothing on my screen! I'm so sick of all the problems with you people!"
Yoga exercise doesn’t just have benefits for the health, it can help improve your disposition, also. Consequently, it becomes an invaluable self-help resource. Exercising yoga really helps to relax your mind, which foliage you much less vulnerable to anxiety. Even straightforward techniques, for example managed relaxation, can help you to chill out more effectively and reduce your anxiety every single day.
The t-shirts have a 90% smaller carbon footprint than an average cotton t-shirt and represent how fashion can be part of the solution to climate change. They are organic, ethically-made and manufactured by renewable green energy.
“Christ redeemed us from the curse of the law by becoming a curse for us—for it is written, ‘Cursed is everyone who hangs on a tree.’” (Gal 3:13)
About 10 seconds later, the wind shifted strongly, but settled down after just a few seconds. A cloud of black gnats on the water. Up and down river as far as the eye could see. A hatch. And upon them like a pestilence was the cloud of tree swallows. Still no rising fish, but here it was. An actual hatch.
Hope you enjoy these items as much as I did!
Single-treatment studies
xxoo Mommy
i will post more pics of this cuteness swimming in the pool soon.
We were asked not to pre-wash the fabric, which meant, I immediately started pressing and cutting it into 5"x5" squares. One yard of fabric turned into 56 squares. Ah! So relaxing and rewarding. Can I just do that going forward!?
Of course the nonames victory wasn't solely on the back of AFR. No. Jets RB Shonn Greene contributed 28 fantasy points. And even Giants WR Hakeem Nicks posted a respectable 20.
and I can see that in the picture posted of the original pattern on Umi's link above.
In various states of undress
Mix everything together in except butter.
Thank you Carol for the wonderful ,amazing goodies!
Madeleine disappeared from her family’s holiday apartment in Praia da Luz, Portugal, on May 3, 2007, days before her fourth birthday.
of the N13 billion bond that
I used the labels seventeen dies again to make the tag where I will write a greeting. I have used 1934 for the largest, 1925 for the middle and ordinary white cardstock for the smallest. I have stamped it with a Tim Holtz stamp using Distress Ink Iced Spruce.
“is there a phone I can use? El phono? Señorita? El phono por favor?!?”
In essence, thesaurus rape reads like an inmate who turns Muslim in prison and try to talks philosophical, yet in complete ignorance of what he's saying. (For those who need more clarity, watch Booked on Phonics )
3) a few hours later
To this very day whenever I see this girl I always remember that night. This is still the worst hangover I have ever had!
I'm weary and run down from all this hype.
the cold muggyness slides down my face
And, of course, someone made it into a musical. Then Showtime made that musical into a movie. The film starts with a group of concerned parents assembling at Benjamin Harrison High School to watch a film being screened by the Lecturer (Alan Cumming, as the film’s Greek chorus). The film-within-the-film deals with upstanding young teenage couple Jimmy Harper (Christian Campbell) and Mary Lane (Kristen Bell). Across town the slick pot dealer Jack (Steven Weber) runs a reefer den out of the house of his “girlfriend” Mae (Ana Gasteyer). Some of the addicts that live in the den are maniacal college dropout Ralph (John Kassir, best known as the voice of the Cryptkeeper in Tales from the Crypt) and “reefer slut” Sally (Amy Spanger). Jimmy’s innocent world and Jack’s depraved one soon collide as Jimmy is pulled into a downward spiral of fiendish reefer addiction. Musical numbers ensue.
you get restless
Mix all the ingredients thoroughly and store in a plastic container with a lid. Use 2 tablespoons per wash. Again, this powder will not make suds and again, it's perfectly okay.
Then there are places where providing good customer service isn't as much of a priority as it is to pour an accurate shot amount. When customer service in general goes by the wayside, you have a little bit more flexibility in how you handle the stiffers. I'm the type of bartender that feels it is important to always provide good customer service. My philosophy? The better the service, the better the tip. It also increases the chances of return business.
When I’m back on my laptop, I’ll send you some pics from Memphis in Aug if you want ..
Before I get to my creation, I probably should tell you a little bit about the BBB Challenge!
10. Before Biblical Judaism ceased to exist, salt was mixed with animal sacrifices. This originated from Moses in Leviticus 2:13 which states: “Whatsoever sacrifice thou offerest, thou shalt season it with salt, neither shalt thou take away the salt of the covenant of thy God from thy sacrifice. In all thy oblations thou shalt offer salt.” The salt was a symbol of wisdom and discretion.
Step 5: From there, simply reboot and enjoy CyanogenMod 9 on your device!
So ticket signed, her copy in hand, another customer blaming the "po-po" for all of her problems in the world. She gives me a parting shot by calling me a "pecker wood". End of story right? Not!
In Our Homeschool This Week: We had a great week! On Wednesday we took some time after our lessons to read Dr. Seuss books. We had so much fun. We then picked out favorite book, Green Eggs and Ham, and dis an art project about our favorite part of the story. Doing this activity with the kids made me realize the importance of having time away from the textbooks to have fun and relax together.
Did we but pay the love we owe,
Any type of craft is welcome.
Here are a few ideas:
In the same way, they have hated the irrational, the arbitrary, the accidental (as the causes of immeasurable physical suffering). As a consequence, they negated this element in being-in-itself and conceived it as absolute "rationality" and "purposiveness."
With all the recent wall letters I have done, I was finally given the opportunity put them in a package for a baby shower gift. I purchased a small basket at a local arts and craft store (never leave home without a coupon), and carefully selected a basket that matched the baby's room decor. One of the worst things you could do, is to pick a random basket that doesn't match the room. Picking the right basket is very important. If it won't be used by the recipient, you might as well stick them in a cheap gift bag!
High high high high, Way way up here, Ionosphere
"You know, I really have enough contemporary art in my collection. I'm looking to acquire a new lover."
“Dean, what’re you doing?!”
Something small, something light.
As great as the art and the adventure was, this one was not without some flaws. I felt like some of the pages were over burdened with too much text, which did two negative things: covered up the art, and slowed down the flow of the story. Another thing that bothered me a bit was that the ending felt really abrupt. This could have easily been twice as long as the 64 pages it chimes in at. When I had turned the last page I felt a little bit cheated. My first thought was that there's got to be a sequel, but from what I can uncover from research, it looks like this is all I'll be getting. It is kinda fun to imagine for myself what happens to the characters after the last page is turned, but I would have been happier with more material.
Switching gears from Christmas yesterday, I have a Halloween layout to share today. I still have so many Halloween things, like the pumpkin patch, carving pumpkins, etc. to scrapbook, but I’ve decided to let them just come instead of forcing them since the results will be better I’m sure.
The MWA Agents and Editor’s Cocktail Party is one of the many events making up the Edgar Awards festivities in New York City each April, and this year I got to go. I could lie and be all blasé about it, but it was pretty much as fascinating as it sounds – a room full of writers, editors, agents, and publishers at every level of experience and success sipping wine and sampling an impressive variety of bite-sized hors d’oeuvres carried by wait staff who were a great deal better dressed than I. I’m pretty sure I sampled them all – the hors d’oeuvres that is, not the wait staff. (Anything that fits in your mouth without the need to unhinge your jaw is too small to be counted as calories, right?)
The stones are evenly spaced, row after row, life after life. Setting sun pours a final goodbye over the land.
Find a liquid soap with an aroma that’s pleasing. It will make your dishwashing experience a more pleasurable one and your hands will smell great.
This park has many different kinds of animals that the children can interact with. It states in the brochure that you can “Visit our barn filled with friendly domestic animals such as llamas, pigs and donkeys. You can even feed the goats.”
Our barrel aged research has just begun, but see the stack of barrels behind Andy? That kind of space is already on this head brewers plan for the new place...
The Search for Santa Paws ... Disney (east) ... 8 PM
According to Run the Planet a 190 lb man would burn 2,171 calories running 17.5 miles. In researching calories in a lunch Denise helped me find this for Ruth's Chris on the Live Strong website "The signature petite filet contains 340.... The creamed spinach side, for example, contains 294 calories per 317 g serving and the crème brulee dessert contains 680 calories per dish." Add 2 beers at 150 calories each and that lunch is over 1,600 calories. However, nobody gets the petite filet at Peter Lugers and 1,600 doest even count the fries.
Night after night residents of the town guarded the house, and they are willing to swear that no one entered or left the premises during the night. And yet the figure robed in black or white appeared.
I can tell this is a good beer. A lot of carbonation and a fair bit of caramel in the flavour.
I am not too much of a sporty girl but I do enjoy the outdoors...I enjoy working out, but the difficult part is getting there - once I'm there...I'm motivated and ready to burn my calories away. I also love swimminggg........especially on a really hot hot day......so refreshing. Other hobbies of mine consist of reading both fictional and non fictional books - they keep you sharp and on the ball.
FB: Non, non, but like...it's that tight theeng....
Here is a portion of the announcement made by the MLJ Trust:
Since it was cloudy drizzly afternoon yesterday, I went to my Wiccan bookshelf and leafed through several books reading or re-reading Beltane passages. It is interesting to read things I had forgotten, or to look over some favorite paragraphs. An hour or so of refreshing my memory is time well-spent (and believe me, my memory needs quite a bit of refreshing these days!!)
In that same article, published a month before Apollo 13's failed lunar landing, von Braun goes on to say: "An Apollo 13 "spectacular" will be the meteor-like crash on the moon of the great Saturn V rocket's whole top stage and instrument unit, totaling more than 15 tons...
What are some of those key traits? Let's look briefly at two systems that are efficient, despite diametrically opposed approaches to universal access. The health care system of Finland (%GDP on health care of 8.5%, HCE of 7.6) is government-owned and -operated -- classic Beveridge Model socialized medicine. Singapore (%GDP on health of 3.4%, HCE of 21.5) is a public-private partnership funded by a combination of government subsidies, a limited NHI scheme, mandatory Health Savings Accounts, and out-of-pocket payments. Nonetheless, these two disparate systems have much in common:
My first impression? Looks like a builder or even a gangster from Essex. With particularly defined arms. Jony Ive looks like A Bad Boy.
So let go, just get in
The music played from a piano that surrounds scenes compliments it beautifully, is in pace with every step, glance and conundrum that Michael reveals in his facade, tribulations that haunt him still! The Bach depicted from The Goldberg Variations given emphasis on how it interacts with Michael being alone and without a clue in finding a cure for his so-called illness! While Harry Escott (A Mighty Heart) composes an opening titled “Brandon” which lies heavily on with strings of sadness and a background sound of a bomb ticking away it’s countdown to explode!
It is a lovely size to scrap I must admit, and I tried to leave it simple..
At least one person at the meeting, former Fort Greene Association chairman Howard Pitsch, expressed support for the project, stating he was encouraged to learn, via a Courier-Life article, of Forest City Ratner’s “very good” track record hiring minority- and women-owned businesses.
On the Kindle: 2
I'm sitting here looking at my calendar and as of now, my weekends are pretty much booked SOLID between now and the beginning of July. Yes, JULY. If you can swing a weekday session, I *can* do that...but weekends are obviously the most popular choice for family sessions.
Model: BT530
I wrote an article tracing the origin of the Korean-run deli in New York and examining the industry's current status. I interviewed Charlie Khim, one of the brothers that founded Khim's Millenium Markets in Williamsburg. He was a reasonable, affable man. Many people in Williamsburg dislike Khim's delis, blaming them for the rapid gentrification of the neighborhood, but consider it from his perspective: he is only trying to run a fair business, and if it does well enough that he can expand, isn't that reflective of the inhabitants? Gentrification is not just propelled by the businesses in the area, my friend.
AUDIO QUALITY: A+
Cook until short ribs are tender, 2–2 1/2 hours. Transfer short ribs to a platter. Strain sauce from pot into a measuring cup. Spoon fat from surface of sauce and discard. Serve over mashed potatoes with sauce spooned over.
This is one of my favorite covers of 2012 so far. Not only does Dial refrain from white-washing (*wild applause*), it combines the flavor of China with the magic of a fairy tale and the beauty of fabric, all of which play an intrinsic part in CIRCLE OF CRANES.
The problem is when another one is running after you to save you from imprisonment. Or to get to that prison cell before you do.
Market development
Phreak: So, who do we nerf?
Great piece today by Catherine Ramplell in her Economix blog on the New York Times. College tuition and fees today are 559 percent of their cost in 1985. In other words, they have nearly sextupled (while consumer prices have roughly doubled). What is the real reason behind this increase? We would tend to agree with her opinion that the core of the problem lies with decreasing state funding. Do you think state governments will be increasing spending in the next ten years? We think not, so continue to plan for more of the same in planning for education.
“OF COURSE YOU DON’T!” He erupted. His tan complexion was now tinted a beet red. And his once bedroom eyes were warpath wide; hazed by a temper which not only derided me, it made me realize that not only do you not disturb a man when he’s working, you sure in the hells don’t disturb a man when he’s going through the motions. “Cause you’ve never fucking worked a day in your life! And now YOU want ME to “snap” out of my depression? FUCK THAT!”
2. Drive Like Hell
Leave a spot for fairy path, bridge, pool, house, castle, chair–whatever your whim directs.
It's been a long time coming home, but we finally made it! The journey was tough, but God is faithful and He has revealed himself to us in ways we never could have imagined. Can't wait to tell you more when I find the words, boy do I have some stories to tell!
Last December, I blogged about the Brit Writers Awards, an awards program for first-time authors, which was dogged by allegations of loose judging standards and poor communication. (Max Dunbar's blog provides a summary of some of these allegations.) I was especially worried about the BWA's Publishing Programme, which offered unpublished writers mentoring and publishing for £1,795 apiece. (Nearly a year later, I can find no mention on the BWA website of this program.)
World Party Day is a synchronous internet and worldwide celebration. The focus of the event is on the enjoyment and respect of life and being alive. A variety of events include synchronized music broadcasts, synchronized singing, or quiet celebrations alone or with family and friends, hence the World Party Day motto “Rock it or Bliss it.”
Operate your generator only when you actually need to. Most of your electrical needs can be supplied by your battery(s) and they should automatically recharge while the generator is running.
Here's what the photos looked like on the visitor's table. Note a few more white candlesticks and one more tissue flower arrangement. It was fun watching everyone come in that morning and check out Lori and Lynn's work!
As my GB has grown older our roles have reversed. The grunts of adolescence have been exchanged for lively conversation, genuine interest and concern for my well being. Those frustrating days when his favourite response, 'good', 'fine' and the multi purpose 'ok' - which really meant ' don't ask me anymore', 'don't mention it again', 'I get it' and 'are you ever going to stop asking me this' - are over. I never thought I would see the day when we could have lengthy chats about all and nothing. I am less protective and more confident that he can fight his own battles and make the right decisions. I see myself asking for his opinion and valuing his answers; I can even imagine, in the not too distant future, seeking his wise counsel. The little boy who needed looking after is now the one watching out for his mother.
"Up yours dogface! You ain't dog enough to sniff my piss honey!"
75. The bond between my husband and I
Mr. Poole will be speaking at the Temecula Library on August 21st. Here is the information regarding the event. If you are interested in the local Temecula water and how the larger scope of our water affects you, I encourage you to check it out.
The markets have since clawed their way back and are likely to recover even further after Manuel was retained as the finance minister in the new-look cabinet of President Kgalema Motlanthe.
As the first hint of sun was creasing the horizon, she suddenly said, “I’m tired. Let’s go now.”
Is Pradyumna living happily as the General of the Vṛṣṇi armies?
Evening all,
at every meeting or party, they seem to match and rid of their differences
The short length makes them very easy to clean. Also, we
Back in 2008 I wrote a post about My class of Choice. At the time I was an alt-a-holic, with 3 characters who were regularly played in Warcraft, and many more who were used as profession mules.
If you climb up out of the centre of the village, up West Lane, you will need a stout constitution and by the time you reach the top of the hill you will deserve a bottle of stout - or two. For previous generations of walkers, the Sun Inn at the junction of West Lane and the somewhat spooky Wicken Lane has provided refreshments for the weary traveler. But alas, the inn sign no longer swings in the north-easterly breeze, the hand-pumps no longer dispense Waller' Nourishing Stout or Hammonds Ales, and the brittle click of bone dominoes no longer sends cats seeking the shelter of cellars.
Plus, with only blocks to go, I was anxious to get to her home, so, still a little conflicted, I passed the garden center and forged ahead. I arrived and pulled up, locking all my doors, even in her driveway. This was a New York City reflex for me when parking anywhere, perhaps stronger than the classic physiological knee-jerk reflex itself. The automatic response was permanently etched in my mind from the days of rampant vandalism in the city and No Radio signs.
-- Grab me without permission and I go rigid ....Grab me without permission in the dancehall and you'll get a fucking volcano. Dancing is consensual, it has nothing to do with assault. If it does, change your teacher.
Soon it may be illegal to use the word “illegal,” or at least politically incorrect (not that anyone gives a shit about PC).
The 29-year-old Brazilian model wore a long sleeved green Issa evening gown with a keyhole detail. The simple floor length dress was accessorized with gold earrings, cocktail ring and peep-toe platform heels.
Carmen moved to Tallahassee, Florida and became the leading lady of After The Smoke. Her voice caught the attention of T.J. Chapman, manager of B.o.B; Bryce Wilson, founder of Czar Entertainment; and William H., former A&R of Atlantic Records. However, in wanting to pursue their own endeavors, After The Smoke continued their independent journey. During this time,Carmen performed at a number of locations in the southeast including Atlanta’s Tree Sound Studios, where she continues to record.
I kept an eye on the traffic signal as I craned my neck to catch a glimpse of her. I could see her well manicured, white gloved hands tap an impatient tune against the handlebar as she waited for the green light.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) – Jurors in a landmark priest-abuse trial heard Monday about a priest-turned-camp prowler and another who allegedly bragged about having sex with three boys in one week….
If you then took all the kids who’d excelled on the first test, and gave them a similar quiz on applied neurosurgery, they’d all generally do no better than chance. You might find one or two getting high scores in this one as well, depending on the size of your class, but even though they all scored highly to begin with, the averages in the second test will be, well, average. It’d be exactly the same if you took the lowest scorers from the first test.
Four large olive trees laid out in a bosque fashion provides a knitted canopy of shade to sit beneath on a hot summer day. These trees were irrigated for the first year and are now no longer dependent on any irrigation.
We all know that Gordon Brown and his laughably inept minions pissed far more money down a variety of drains than we actually had, but what is now becoming clear is that - with the election looming - they accelerated the rate of pissing, and threw away as much of our money as they could.
This isn’t about a “blame game.” It’s about asking hard questions about actions and responsibility, and being strong enough to handle and do something about the hard answers that would come of such an investigation. It isn’t about pointing fingers, it’s about figuring out exactly what the hell went wrong and doing something about it. It’s too late for Kenneth, but Kenneth is not the last gay teen who needs our protection.
I got a caprese, and it was excellent. But, honestly...
I wanted to do a mani in honor of my favourite book, Five Quarters of an Orange from my favourite author: Joanne Harris.
- even when the storm stops, wait another 30 minutes since the last sound of thunder
“The history of the American Negro is the history of this strife,—this longing to attain self-conscious manhood, to merge his double self into a better and truer self. In this merging he wishes neither of the older selves to be lost. He would not Africanize America, for America has too much to teach the world and Africa. He would not bleach his Negro soul in a flood of white Americanism, for he knows that Negro blood has a message for the world. He simply wishes to make it possible for a man to be both a Negro and an American, without being cursed and spit upon by his fellows, without having the doors of Opportunity closed roughly in his face”.
If I could take only one to a desert island it would have to be Pride & Prejudice, because I think both its hero and the heroine are particularly appealing.
Similarly the Islamic armed forces are exhorted to give their Bai’a (pledge) for; to listen and obey, in hard times and in ease, and in likeness (i.e. to listen and obey while one is active) and in dislikeness (i.e. listen and obey when one is tired). Allah (swt) said:
If your kid (or the kid in you) still likes to indulge in the odd gummy bear, try this recipe out because I have a feeling you’ll be hooked too.
Why? Because tucked into my attache case (yes - I use an attache case with combination locks, because I'm fucking 80s tremendous) was a print job containing not one errant double space, BUT TWO!
All submissions must be your own original work.
The fee for the workshop is 300 dollars. A deposit of 150 dollars secures your position in the class, this is a nonrefundable deposit. Please be certain you intend to come before you make this deposit. Please don't tell me you can't come and ask that I find someone else to take your place and refund your money.
When that day arrives that the first US GI kills the first American citizen on US Soil that will signal the end of the era that began with Kent State during the Viet Nam era that saw US National Guard troops shooting down unarmed students on campus.
Please take note! Only for Iphone.
You might enjoy the show. Probably not, but then: who gives a shit?
I must confess, I’m still not completely sold on the new Spiderman ‘re-boot’.
So as I leave this place in a mere 72 hours, I look solely to God, knowing His goodness. God is good all of the time and I know that He brought me here and He guided my hand and He is guiding me even know as I write this piece. And I am reminded of a saying that my mom used to say:
Remember me?
What we imagine love to be has never been rooted in reality.
Ethics should also be reviewed. Often. That way you remind yourself of who you want to be, and see if part of your ethical code is unattainable or too outlandish. So I will be writing my personal ethical code in my Book of Shadows. I wish I had done so sooner. But as painful as the lessons are that I am learning right now, I know I will be a stronger and better person for having gone through this period of time. I won’t be sharing my ethical codes with you. It’s personal and for my eyes only. But if we ever happen to meet face to face, I hope that you will be able to look in my eyes and see I am a good person whom learns from his mistakes and is doing the best to be the best possible person he can be.
‘Shoujo Camera’ is scheduled to open in theaters this winter.
Tues
Which is easier said than done.
people have been asking:
I've had a father that gave me this example. I hope that I'm that example to my children, especially now as Moriah will be moving to the next step of her life. As Paul Simon says, "as much as one and one is two, there can never be a father who loves his daughter as much as you."
Today is World Autism Awareness Day. With so many sites out there that explain Autism Spectrum Disorders, I don't think there is any point in re-writing what is already done so well elsewhere. I will provide links later so you can explore on your own.
But what a job it is! Just sorting through your memories wears you out. Some of the blunders I made tear at my heart even now. But there is also much to be proud of.
If passed the bill would:
I am hearing... The radio and music. Also I can hear the x-box game my hunny is playing and has been playing for the last few hours!!
04 In The Mission Of St. Augustine
Open door, do for love
fresh green plants
” Hi, you are a tattoo artist, right?”
Cheap no name false lashes
Chop avocado. Serve salad topped with avocado, salsa, crushed chips and ranch dressing.
Handel’s Messiah was first performed in Dublin in April 1742 and he regularly used the organ here in St. Mary’s to practise.
Whether you’re looking for yet another legal/crime thriller or want to try it out, Justice Hunter is a fantastic representation of the subgenre that will keep you interested and engaged.
According to Congressman Tiangco, he almost signed the Corona impeachment complaint because, “I don’t want to earn the ire of the most powerful man in the country.” And Vice President Jejomar Binay was like, “O, ano na namang ginawa ko?”
Wherefore he saith, When he ascended up on high, he led captivity captive, and gave gifts unto men. ……..He that descended is the same also that ascended up far above all heavens, that he might fill all things. And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some, pastors and teachers; For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ: Ephesians 4:8 & 10-12 (KJV)
A legacy of racing competition runs deep in Chevrolet’s 100-year history, dating to co-founder Louis Chevrolet’s passion for racing automobiles. Chevrolet has won the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Manufacturers’ Championship 35 times. Chevrolet Corvette Racing has taken seven class trophies at the 24 Hours of Le Mans. A Chevrolet-branded V-8 racing engine won the Indianapolis 500 seven times between 1988 and 2002.
Logically, there might have to be a fall-back position, where the executive can draw down maintenance funds, pending approval, to keep basis services going – or not. If Congress does not approve the budget in the US, it falls. That tends to concentrate minds. Only, in this case, it is the people who stop the money. And money talks.
* University of Cambridge (UK)
I don't care if you live with a tribe of never before discovered people, there are certain sounds of the modern world that will make your brain click that you are in danger.
Economists in Brazil are starting to lower their expectations for a turnaround in 2013. If 2011 was bad, and 2012 is supposed to be flat, why are 2013 growth forecasts being revised downward?
Yep, it seems I'm finally getting better, I've made it back to blogland ! For those who don't know why I've been AWOL, An unexpected 10 day stint in the hospital with Kidney stones, Kidney drain, Ruptured kidney, urosepsis etc etc has had me in it's grasp, fortunately I've been home recovering for the last 2 weeks and am finally starting to feel like myself again, it's not all over yet, I still have the drain & the stones and will be having a few more visits to the hospital to sort it all out ! .. But that I can live with now that I am feeling so much better.
In fact, if I had to be perfectly Francis, there was half an expectation that the pub would come into view and visions of Bob’s Country Bunker would race into my head along with both its types of music. The reality could not have been further from the expectation.
“You understand what you have to do?”
Christopher Plummer as The Emperor
Now I appreciate that some people do not want to hear a guy singing his little heart out on the bus first thing in the morning, especially if he can’t hold a note. But there is no need to throw things at him and be generally horrid. We live in the 21st century where we’re supposed to be accepting, kind, understanding people who look on ourselves and our community with this attributes. I can’t see that from this video. I have to be honest that I stopped watching about 1.17 as I suddenly felt so sorry for the guy and ashamed at myself for laughing at his videos. Does laughing at the videos make me just as bad as the clowns who were throwing things at him?
Rich, compelling writing will keep the pages turning in this riveting and tautly told psychological thriller.
Do a broad tracking in categories (grocery, transport, cloths, etc.) all the time and also a detailed tracking (types of food etc.) for a limited time span to find out where your money goes.
The customer retorted, “Oh don’t be silly. Everyone knows where it is. Check your map!”
Special Warnings: Violence, a little gore, ‘end of the world’ themes that might upset some
On 9/11, we were blindsided. But we never should have been.
After reading Smiler’s twitter late Thursday afternoon I saw him say “They want me to take 100 names off the G list, I said no, get down before 8 tonight #yoyos” at this point I panicked, I wasn’t planning on even leaving my house (30 mins away) until 8:30 – plans immediately changed.
Absolutely not. You were proud of my personality disorders, and I have learned to love them. I find that I can keep them happy more easily than I have ever kept any human being happy, be it you or my family. This is the product of years of therapy, the result of thousands of dollars paid to those behavioral analyst vampires. Thanks to you, I now believe in Ego as the highest common denominator, so this narcissism is inevitable. Everything else wrong with me is built on that. You helped me be proud of this gruff, crass exterior, but you did warn me that it is just a veneer for the intensity and sensitivity I carry inside me. I don’t know what happened then. I don’t know why I never did anything about what went wrong. I never knew anything about what went wrong. I still don’t.
At a time when the whole issue of Intellectual Property has never been more relevant, it seems crazy that agencies aren’t investing more effort into creating advertising that can run and run and run for their clients.
水曜日と木曜日にブログをアップするのを飛ばしちゃいましたね？言い訳知りたいですか？最近夫と一緒に朝ジョギングを始めました。ちなみに、私は走るのが大の苦手。私が走っている姿は、ペンギンが走ろうとしているような感じです。夫は仕事に行く前にジョギングをよくしていたので、私は最近になって一緒にするようになりました。最近は私の中には存在しなかった朝早い時間に起きています。人がまだ寝ている時間にジョギングする方が好きですね。朝一番に終わらせてしまえるのも嬉しいです。それなので、午後10時半になると、就寝してしまいます。そのため、就寝前にブログをする時間が減ってしまいました。以前は私の座っていたお尻のマークがある場所にずっと座ってブログ三昧だったのですが。今はもう一つ優先する事が増えました。
Okay, so we know fad dieting sucks. It’s stupid and doing it is the exact opposite of loving yourself…. but you do it anyway. You drop 30, 40, maybe even 50 lbs! Then late summer and fall and winter hit and you blow it. The holidays kick your ass and you’re back up to your start weight or even (heaven forbid) a bit heavier. Given your scale obsession you freak out.
Using the web as well as the fast access to information, many people think they can properly take up their court case and defend on their own. However, that knowledge can’t be considered a substitute to authentic encounters. Criminal legal representatives invest plenty of their time and work working with cases and simply being in the courtroom. These individuals go through these kinds of matters consistently. They are completely tuned in to the trade secrets. They are completely conscious of the procedure. These people really do know the variations concerning many jurisdictions. Primarily, these people have an understanding of exactly what the law declares. This is the reason precisely why you should have the assistance of a Virginia criminal defense lawyer.
Another blogpost about iPhone/iPad apps.
DD Fabulous Fruits $10.00
*** Wednesdays are Weekly Weigh-Ins: If I weigh myself on a daily basis I will drive myself nuts! Wednesdays are not the traditional “I’ll start by diet on ____day” so I think that works for my Program (since it isn’t a diet!) Plus, I’ve already been weighing on Wednesdays since the baby was born. Note, it is important to record the amount lost for the week as well as the amount lost overall.
Home and baked cod for dinner with leeks and courgette – much better amount of food than yesterday’s over eating. I seriously need to lose 6 pounds now – I booked us a week surfing holiday the last week in May and I have a wetsuit to try and get in to!
Why not? tenor. and Unions. My husband isn't entitled to his job. If he sucks at it, he would get fired. It's the way life works.
1 applications
On Friday, these two beauties arrived at my door. Squee!
Only a few weeks ago, here in Luxembourg, the EU Council of Ministers agreed on a common European approach to key elements of the Internet governance debate. Some of these relate directly to the various stakeholders assembled in Luxembourg now under the ICANN banner.
groceries priced just right, for you;
** Republished in Msgr. Delassus’ work “The Anti-Christian Conspiracy” by Desclee de Brouwer in 1910, Vol. III, pp. 1035-1092.
My worst one so far is it is important that for the reader to see that Howie, a college freshman, knows what a bandelore is. He has to think it is natural for him to know about bandelores, Packard twin-sixes, and other things from the turn of the century, but so far my beta readers are missing that plot point and laughing at my dialog. So even being able to pinpoint where the problem is doesn't always lead to a solution.
Between 1952-55 Playhouse 90 (writer) (made in New York City – episode title unknown)
I did not say, “See?!” as we walked around the building. My silence might have said more…
Louise Cooper – Services Rendered
I wrote a blog post yesterday but I didn't post it becaues it really made me sound crazy. I don't think that this one is much better, but at least it makes some sense.
He knelt in front of her and took her breasts in his hands, pushing them together. When he ran his teeth and tongue over her nipples as he had earlier by the stream, she cried out, clenching her thighs together. She was so close to an orgasm all she had to do was move the right way. Did he know? Was he doing this on purpose, making her wait? “Dalmas, please.”
Compare that to the Second Circuit ruling that made detailed observations about the types of knowledge that may disqualify an intermediary from claiming safe harbour protection. As explain by Eric Goldman, there are three main types of knowledge an intermediary might possess:
Winter Haven Water Utilities, 401 6th Street SW, Winter Haven
-End-
2. Wrap the end of the section around two fingers and begin rolling in toward the scalp.
I love Fox Mulder. And chocolate cream pies. And the Penguins when they come back to win hockey games.
The discussion of infringement in the subsection on patent rights covered the responsibilities of the parties in case of infringement suits brought by third parties against the licensee. In spite of any warranty disclaimers, the licensee should at least negotiate for some indemnification against any damages he may have to pay to a third party. An offset equal to a percentage of the royalties paid to the licensor up to the time of settlement of the third party suit is one such solution; a temporary reduction in future royalties until all or an agreed-upon portion of the damages is paid is another. The licensor should not reject such a position summarily. Addressing the matter in this manner will most likely preclude a less favourable court or arbitration judgement should an incident be litigated or arbitrated.
The West Broward Bar Inaugural Golf Classic will be held May 12 at the Plantation Preserve Golf Course and Club (7050 W Broward Blvd., Plantation). The Classic will raise funds to buy computers and materials for the law students at Seminole Middle School.
Cream butter and the cup of sugar; add well-beaten eggs, then milk, vanilla, flour, salt, and baking powder. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Roll dough, cut into trefoil shapes, and sprinkle sugar on top, if desired. Bake in a quick oven (375°) for approximately 8 to 10 minutes or until the edges begin to brown. Makes six- to seven-dozen cookies.
And mine were worthily despised;
Cognac
Some phenomenologists talk about a “storied sense of place” and my understanding of that is that when we enter an environment we begin to create a ‘story’ that comprises of our experiences in the landscape as well as our physical and intuitive awareness of the place: we impose a narrative structure rather than simply becoming aware of one. The writer Barry Lopez illustrates this here:
I copied somewhat the Scandi Mei Tai Design but changed it slightly. The main differences to the tutorial is that I made the top a firm flap that could be turned up to support & snuggle the baby's head or folded down to allow for more freeing head movements. I used polar fleece to pad the strap that goes around my waist only. Mine is reversible. And I made the straps around my shoulders much wider and tapered them in so the straps hugged around my shoulders not on them - I think this is what made it so super comfy.
Leighton
I pray that the results of this election will wake up many who have sat on the sidelines and allowed the Socialist-Marxist anti-GOD crowd to slowly change so much of what has been good in America !
DVD16 The Coil Reconstruction Set #2
Lilli- Lilli is my niece who has down syndrome. She is the most loving and excited kid ever! She always is excited to see you and is ready with a hug. Everybody loves Lilli! Whenever I see her she has the biggest smile on her face! You can't be in a bad mood around her. She is one of the oldest nieces and has been around quit a few babies. She is a very high energy child, but when she is around babies she is so gentle. She will be so still when she's holding one and she'll give them soft kisses on the head.
*all above information provided by Rising Tide via email & Facebook.
When Rover was selling the Rover 2000, the P6, it had an advert showing one alongside a heap of rusted car bodies with the slogan "Thank Goodness in These Days of Mass Production, a Rover is still a Rover". My dad's company car was a Rover 2000. At three years old it had holes through it.
Weight: 75.3kg
So after three weeks with the new puppy all was going well..or so I thought. Aside from the cat hating the puppy and still threatening to shred the pup with razor sharp claws...my pup and our "not so beloved" but more so "put-uped" with boxer (which we adopted for my son)...were getting along fine...the best of friends. OR SO I THOUGHT!
August 26 Los Angeles, CA WHITE HOT SUMMER GROOVE The Hollywood Bowl, 2301 North Highland Drive with EUGE GROOVE
Because the finished broadcast was superb. It wasn't my story, but it was great radio. At my suggestion they had cast Conor Lovett, the finest Beckett actor of his generation, as the 18-year old Jude. The BBC had started by auditioning 18 and 20 year olds straight out of drama school. When I reacted with horror, and suggested Conor Lovett, they auditioned him and loved him and cast him. Trust me, the lack of ego required to do that, and the sensitivity to the writer's suggestions, would never occur in, say, the film industry.
I hope you all have a wonderfully restful and peaceful Easter weekend! If you'd like to hear my religious musings and thoughts about Easter, please visit my digital art blog here and here. Happy stamping, and Happy Easter! :)
I haven’t floated like this in ages….
Don’t get me wrong – I’m not judging. I’m in a glass house here. When considering writing this post, I started recounting all the crazy stuff to which I’ve admitted on this blog. Over the past 10 months, I’ve revealed a lot. Perhaps, I’m being a little too honest on here. Maybe I should keep some of this crazy to myself. Like the time I drove by my ex fiancé’s house, or the time I stole a shirt from him right before I moved out and I currently keep it in my closet, or all about my baggage/trust issues where I want to check up on my partner by checking his phone for suspicious messages. There’s plenty more I have yet to reveal, like how when my ex and I broke up, I found out about some lies he told me and then I proceeded to go through every bank account, every email, every phone record, every little slip of paper I could find in our home, to try to find out the entire truth. I wanted to know everything there was to know. So yeah, I’ve done some crazy stuff.
Bend the eyebrows back into position and you're done! Toss on a brown hat, tan pans, brown shoes, and voila! That's one good lookin' Goomba.
It’s time to relax and TAKE A DUMP.
J E T S ~ Jokes End This Season?
“Of course it is. I do not think we culd have made a fire as quickly otherwise and then we would have been cold. And you would not have learned so much about making proper fires, either.”
All the while, You hear each spoken need
Kim said something the other day about friends. She said that she doesn't think that it really works too well to have a lot of acquaintances. She thinks that a friendship requires lots of time to grow and survive, and with the time we have in this life, you either make a lot of acquaintances, or have a few friends. I guess I'm trying it both ways to see what works for me.
The question, of course, is whether a screen that big on a phone is actually a good idea. After all, phones go in our pockets or purses, they’re held in our hands and to our faces, where huge devices may not necessarily be a benefit. And as we’ve seen already, large screens consume more battery power.
Penal institution records show that recidivism rates for those who receive no education while incarcerated are almost 75 percent. Compare that to the 16 to 25 percent rate for offenders who receive literacy and vocational assistance.
Savage Beauty, the biography of Edna St Vincent Millay
This method puts the mentation of wining and plateau games into your handle unitedly making you believe you can win at the tableland games. The verity is that your chances of deed location from the casinos a millionaire is exclusive believable if you walked into the casino as a millionaire.
Can Barely Get Up in the Morning? If You’re Exhausted in the Morning, Here’s Why!
What do I love about this painting?
And then there’s the Rabids – much like zombies and rabid dogs – these former humans roam the land biting and feasting on humans. For an unregistered human there’s much to fear in this new world.
“Yeah but it's what I didn't see. I didn't see you take it out the packet....”
So why do I drink it? Hard to say. I made the switch from leaded to diet many years ago, but I still cling to the zero calorie kind.
Aki: Animals... wain... and wain... and wain
Mommies have girls in their tummies, and Daddies have boys.
In their initial reports, all of which have since been altered to short neutral bulletins, even the New Zealand corporate media admitted that ” the Canadian tourist was killed in mysterious circumstances.”
“What excites me most about this meet – for the first time since I’ve been here, some of the kids have stepped up,” said the American.
San Francisco is a lot of wonderful things…unless you’re a car. I parked in the one lone spot by my apartment waaaay up on Telegraph Hill. What a “get!” My lucky day. Or so I thought. I left it overnight and woke up to a newly planted sign that said it was illegal to park there. And it was gone. Towed by the SFP.
"Goodbye to you! Goodbye to You!"
Gail Patrick Stage Door
3. Tulisa Contostavlos has topped the FHM’s Sexiest Woman in the World poll knocking off last year’s winner Rosie Huntington-Whiteley. Cheryl Cole and Rihanna made up the top three. I have to say that’s pretty surprising. It’s amazing what a stint on X Factor can do. I’m sure the sex tape scandal made sure she clinched the deal. I think she’s pretty but sexiest woman in the world? Not so sure.
The lowest ebb is the turn of the tide.
It is difficult to take the measure of a man through someone else's eyes and experience. After all, we don't actually meet them, except, perhaps, in the pages of diaries, magazine articles, even cookery books - as is the case, in my experience, with Norman Douglas. Over the years, I haven't bothered to read any of his books, and the other day I remembered why. I shall read them now - I discover that the university library has some - South Wind, Old Calabria and even a collection of limericks entitled Some Limericks, Collected for the Use of Students, Ensplendour'd with Introduction, Geographical Index, and with Notes Explanatory and Critical. Anyone who can write such a title deserves to be read, however bawdy the contents of his book.
We have learnt to rush but not to wait.
(I would so carry a yellow purse marked with crosses and dots.)
At-Large Bid: Atlantic 10 Conference
That said, though… We have at least 3 super fantastic upgrades to the house that will increase the value if we ever decide to sell, and will certainly increase the enjoyment we have while we stay.
After deciding on a design I used my cricut to cut it out of my contact paper. It helps to keep in mind we are making a sticky stencil. I placed my stencil on the wine glass and used a credit card as a burnisher to ensure all the edges were stuck down well. Make sure you are in a well ventilated room. Using an old cruddy paint brush, apply the etching cream in a nice, even, slightly thick layer over your stencil. Please be careful not to get any of the etching cream on your skin and follow all precautions listed by the good folks at Armour. Let your cream get to work while you have a diet coke and a Christmas cookie ....or two. Let your etching cream sit for at least 20 min and wash your glass in warm soapy water. Peel off your stencil and prepare to ooh and ahh. That's it! You just etched glass. You ROCK!
Dear Dennis,
I think MOG is the clear winner when it comes to creating play lists. Look at this:
Adam Rayner – Roger Curbishley
Dear World, I am leaving because I am bored. I feel I have lived long enough. I am leaving you with your worries in this sweet cesspool. Good luck.
This is long but do not stop reading! The best part of this story from CBS is the comment section. I am posting one entire comment from a reader named Random Reader because I doubt it will be available for too long.
I have no idea how to fix this. Perhaps if our expectations weren't quite so high... A good portion of the problem lies with our legal system - which is broken beyond repair. Part of it is the sense of entitlement. I've yet to hear any solution that I think has a chance in hell of working.
“Well why don’t you ask it a question?” answered Hermel.
Why does this piss me off so much?
Christmas Day, we headed up to my parent's place from Dan's mom's house in Colorado Springs. We celebrated Christmas with the whole family and not even once did I struggle with sadness that I didn't have a kid, either with me or in my belly, that being the first time I could say that since my miscarriage in June '10. I was ecstatic.
Maria was twelve now and had been keeping watch like this on the beach next to her home since she was five. She grew with a knowledge and respect for the sea instilled in all children on the island. They knew its power and marveled at its beauty. It was a playground to them on the hot clear days and a monster when the sky turned dark and grey, but none of the other children shared the same kind of fascination for it as Maria did. She shared a special connection with the sea, a secret kept between the two of them. On a night such as this, many years ago when Maria was a little girl she saw something she would never forget and would always search for from that day forth whenever the skies were clear and the moon was full and the waves were strong. It was when she was only five years old that Maria saw it.
You must regret
Local Champions confirmed are Beer Diva Kirrily Waldhorn and brewers Brad Rogers and Brendan Varis from Stone & Wood and Feral Brewing Co respectively. As good friends all of Beer Blokes, a special bell to stop us from chatting away together all night may need to be sourced.
British National Party National Organiser Adam Walker was arrested today outside the offices of Wakefield District Housing for registering a complaint about the company’s persecution of employee Colin Atkinson for displaying a small Christian cross in his work van.
Peel and devein the shrimp, leaving the tails on. Place them on a sheet pan with the olive oil, salt, and pepper and spread them in one layer. Roast for 8-10 minutes, just until pink and firm and cooked through. Set aside to cool.
(Little known fact: Thirty-six miles outside of Nazca, Peru, there are other mysterious lines carved into the desert plain. Those lines only make left-hand turns and they are called the Lines of Nascar.)
While the gameplay is enjoyable and the mechanics are well designed (the combat is clunky for sure but it works) this isn’t anything surprising or revolutionary.
Jesus said, “Whoever desires to save his life shall lose it. If you deny me before me then I will deny you before my Father.” My greatest burden is not losing my job or what people might say about me. My greatest burden is faithfulness. I want to be faithful. I want to see the body of Christ be faithful. I want to see unbelievers come to Christ.
Recommended for those looking for a serious, brilliantly acted human drama about the bond between a lonely woman and the child she comes to care for as her own.
Seriously. Dave Ramsey is gonna have to cut a girl some slack 'cause I HAVE to get rid of these suckers.
And something lacy and feminine is high on my list. This Joie top looks amazing with white jean shorts, But I can pretty much guarantee I will not be sporting these this Summer. White Jeans will have to do :)
This is a really cracking village pub - a very busy lounge (full of shoppers recuperating after the Farmer's Market) with Sky TV, a quieter bar/snug and an associated award winning Chinese restaurant next door. They were somewhat rushed off their feet this lunchtime, but still managed to make me feel welcome and chat about the beers. They have 5 hand-pulls, 2 permanent - Deuchars and Old Speckled Hen (what a pale shadow of the 5.2% beer of yore) and 3 guests, today Houston Challenger, Broughton Spring Ale and Belhaven Fruit Beer - perhaps a pretty safe choice but not at all bad. I've tried the Fruit Beer from bottle a couple of times and would have to agree with the Scottish Beer Guide in that it's not too impressive, but on cask it's far better - definitely some raspberry & blackberry flavour and a lot more body.
- Negotiations with the MTA have led to the return of express bus service on the X27 and X28 bus lines. Brooklyn Eagle
The boys loved playing on the blow up mattress that my sister slept on. Their favorite thing now is jumping. They jump on the couch, beds, etc. I let them jump on my bed the other day. They kept falling down on the bed and laughing so hard. It's so cute.
I hope everyone had a great weekend! It is gorgeous here in Myrtle Beach! My hubby and I sat on the patio most of the day. I did however, take some time to do a little painting. I thought I would share the projects I did today.
· "Kiss Me I'm Irish" buttons will get you nowhere with the ladies.
05.15: Zakk, Bremen, Germany
Hello everyone, welcome to another Monday Bitten by the Bug 2 challenge. This week's challenge cut was selected by my fabulously British design team sister, Julie. Julie chose for the design team to use any flourish from the Cindy Loo cartridge. In that Easter is just around the corner I thought this was a perfect time to break out an Easter card.
Petitioner filed a petition for certiorari with the Court of Appeals which denied the petition on August 31, 2004. It held that the Ombudsman committed no grave abuse of discretion in its appreciation of the evidence against respondents. Petitioner moved for reconsideration but was denied on February 21, 2005.
What this braindead/camper kind of player hope, is that either somebody else from their team will care about the objectives, or that the enemies are also campers like them and will not care about the objectives either, basically turning a Rush game into a Team Deathmatch.
02 improvisations
Tuesday – Read Mark 14:22-24. The “blood of the covenant” means Jesus gave it, we receive it. We no longer have to make sacrifices for forgiveness!
With "cybersecurity" morphing into a new "public-private" iteration of the "War On Terror," WSJ reporter Siobhan Gorman disclosed that giant defense contractor Raytheon "recently won a classified contract for the initial phase of the surveillance effort valued at up to $100 million."
Last date to submit resumes: 05/17/2012
15Did not God make him as well as me? did he not give us life in our mothers’ bodies?
As I sat down today, I not only looked back at this last week, but also glanced back at the last several weeks of this pantry challenge. I noticed a pattern that has emerged in my meal planning... I don't think there has been more than one week in which I completely stuck to my planned menu. This is not terribly surprising as 'life happens' every week and that is ok with me. It did make me thankful that I intentionally build a lot of flexibility into my menu plans.
She placed them down on the table and looked at her sleeping friend and wondered what went wrong. She was about to walk out when someone entered the room, Tripti, one of Revati’s good friends.
That’s what gum has become. We, the nation of big-fat-fatty-fatasses has to be eating every second of every day. But if we did that, we’d explode. So, we use gum as a means to keep our mouths occupied so we don’t accidently shove your own young into our mouthes and eat them like gerbils.
“Hold on.” He released her hand, put the car into gear and roared off the white line.
Slim-fitting, bright pants have been on my shopping list for a couple of months now, so a couple weekends ago I set out to find a pair. The effort proved slightly more difficult than I had imagined. I had seen this very pair on the Michael Kors website, but when I popped into the store in the Westfield Mall, I saw that they didn't have any pants on their racks. I then headed to Bloomingdale's, where I proceeded to try on bright teal, coral, fuchsia, yellow, you name it... but they all looked monstrous. What I realized is that the colors I was trying all struck me as being great for a woman in her 20's, but on me they just looked awkward, and not really me. What I needed was what I'd been originally drawn to on the website. What I needed was an intense red, which was the one color I couldn't find on the entire vast, bright-pants-laden floor.
so my big decision is to mostly remove carboydrate from my diet. i’ve been working on it since tuesday. i’m well under the recommended 100g a day by taking out bread, pasta, rice and sugar. of course, i pretty much want to kill someone for a timtam right now. and i dont intend to never eat those things again (sugar in particular. in fact, if i get through a month sticking to my plan for 6 days a week im going to make a pavlova). but i cant tell you how great i feel already. just a little thing like changing my breakfast from grains to protein has changed the whole shape of my day. im not hungry. not at all. this means im not thinking about food. this is a huge step forward for me, being one of those people who has an emotional relationship with food. i feel alert and energetic, am sleeping really well and feel like this is something i can sustain. i always was a meat lover, so this plan works to my natural strengths! dont worry, im not going to blog about it endlessly, because there really is nothing more painful than diet blogging (get a life people). but i think its important to acknowledge the change and to let you know if it works!
It gave it an absolutely gorgeous amber finish:
“There is some justification at least in the taunt that many of the pretending defenders of ‘free enterprise’ are in fact defenders of privileges and advocates of government activity in their favor rather than opponents of all privilege. In principle the industrial protectionism and government-supported cartels and the agricultural policies of the conservative groups are not different from the proposals for a more far-reaching direction of economic life sponsored by the socialists. It is an illusion when the more conservative interventionists believe that they will be able to confine these government controls to the particular kinds of which they approve. In a democratic society, at any rate, once the principle is admitted that the government undertakes responsibility for the status and position of particular groups, it is inevitable that this control will be extended to satisfy the aspirations and prejudices of the great masses. There is no hope of a return to a freer system until the leaders of the movement against state control are prepared first to impose upon themselves that discipline of a competitive market which they ask the masses to accept.” – F. A. Hayek
Awesome cards! Thank you for playing along with our challenge. Please feel free to grab our Top 3 blinkie from the sidebar.
They shall teach no vain, and old wives opinions, no heresies, nor popish errors, disagreeing from the doctrine and faith of Christ: neither any thing at all, whereby the rude people may be stirred up to the desire of novelties, or contention. But they shall always teach that, which may make for edifying, and may unite the hearers in Christian peace and love.
The Christmas List ... ABC Family ... 7 AM
The reason I have a highly repetitive morning, pre-work ritual is so I can do it while still half asleep. The paranoid part of me (and a large part of me is routinely paranoid) is starting to suspect that vuvuzelas and exploding drinks are conspiring against me.
An Email Will Be Sent With Your Partner Info.
Lets pray next year the Canadian Video Game Awards receive the two hour time slot it so desperately requires. Or you could just come to the award show and see it in all of its glory.
Then there are so much of excited allegations about his wife too. Somehow the commoner on the street cannot help mentioning about the Brikins bags and the diamond ring; and within the corporate corridors we hear of lunch-hour gossips about her expensive holidays and buying sprees including a credit-card story in Indonesia.
if he only brings a holiday sweater
Further, his web site, vaudeville.org is a handy resource, featuring tons of short profiles of vaudevillians organized alphabetically. I urge you to avail yourself of these resources if you’ve any interest at all in the subject, and I imagine you do, seeing as how you are HERE. At any rate, this is how begin our day. Three cheers for Frank Cullen!
Another dance with him
Digital Spy have revealed this week’s ten teasers for the upcoming episode of the fourth series of Being Human, ‘Hold the Front Page’. The episode sees the return of Adam (Craig Roberts), the middle-aged *teenage* vampire who made his debut in Series Three, but he hasn’t come to Honolulu Heights alone…
The little toy bear and bunny peeking out from the cut out quote and frame, are from Danish Tilda. Once again silver "25" from American Crafts. Little white liquid pearls dotted around the cut out "Christmas".
Here are the last of our holiday photos (well the ones I'm sharing with you).
Sometimes this bit is done several times before I actually see bottom of bucket as it’s knackering & I have to keep laying down between bits so I don’t *cross the line*.
There’s twenty types from sixteen years,
Hotwire Deals: For you, Kristin: Miami hotels from $121, West Palm Beach hotels from $83, plus…
Of course, I also had to have the yellow notebook with the vintage-looking roller-skates on the front, accompanied by the words "Go. See. Do." And just like that, my simple $4 purchase had somehow become $20.
I am crossing my fingers that I may be able to whip up some new images this week. My DT gals I am sure are wondering what planet I have flown off to. Things have been a bit yucky for me around here. All I can say is this:
be submitted to both Organising Chairs by
1) Ruger 10/22: Some say the Marlin 60 is perhaps the better rifle and in fact there have been more Marlin 60′s built (11 million vs. Ruger 10/22 5 million built). Nevertheless, the Ruger 10/22 is somehow a more popular rifle meaning there are more after market parts/add ons and it always seems that everybody has a Ruger 10/22 and you can find them anywhere. These rifles are reliable even when using very inexpensive ammunition. They are accurate right out of the box and cleaning and disassembly is relatively easy and straightforward, although I’ve heard of people who’ve never cleaned their 10/22 and they claim it still fires flawlessly. The 10/22 is a semi-automatic rifle and comes with a 10 round capacity magazine.
So, kids, the next time you try to call your boyfriend or girlfriend only to find out that they’ve changed their number without telling you, or when you tell them that you love them and they say, “Thanks. Do you know what I love? Whoppers! Let’s go to Burger King…”, or even when their birthday is 2 weeks away and they tell you that you “don’t need to keep that night free”, you will know what’s coming.
Employer mandate. Obamacare requires all businesses with 50 or more full-time employees to provide health coverage for their workers or pay a $2,000 penalty for each employee after the first 30 workers. The employer mandate creates incentives for businesses to avoid higher costs by, for example, hiring part-time employees instead of full-time employees, since businesses will not be penalized for failing to provide health insurance to part-time employees…Businesses can also avoid penalties by keeping the number of employees under the mandate threshold of 50, which further discourages creating new jobs.
My favorite part of any ride is that floaty feeling in your stomach as you plunge downwards at 22 MPH every second, cancelling gravity, before pulling up and doing it again. Judge Roy Scream's series of five camelbacks is pure "airtime" heaven. I rode it six times in a row, mostly in the front car. I told ride-operator Jessica, "It's probably just the endorphins, but I think I love you."
Xenophilius is definitely not one of my favorite characters, but something about his sheer wackiness is cool. I think we can all relate to his obsessions at least the tiniest bit. Haven't we all been, at some point, fascinated by something foreign to us?
Liam nods and gives a lazy, two fingered salute. He waits till Agent Green is inside before he pulls his phone out again. He reads the text:
Publisher: Pocket Books (April 24, 2012)
The last UK expo was in 2009 and featured 38 exhibitors including Australian employers, government organisations and relocation service providers. More than 1800 people from the UK who had skills in high demand in Australia also attended.
About Turkish Airlines
If you’ve been reading, you know the answer.
2cd in Walks: 499
*Stir-fry the meat in small batches so it doesn't stew and set aside.
If you are on Weight Watchers, the pancakes are two Points Plus each.
One reason many are not in a position to “hear” what the Spirit is saying to them personally is because they are distracted by the activity and “storms” that are going on in the lives of those around them. Sometime, we can be affected by the storms in other’s lives…especially if we are closely connected to them by family ties, friendship, working relationships, or even neighbors; but God does not release us from our own personal daily responsibility to “come unto Him, look to Him, listen to Him” to receive rest for our souls. Matthew 11: 28-30.
Lim Guan Eng Insist on Staying in Tax-Payers Paid Bungalow – Posted on April 10, 2012 by editor
April 29
Once it is new, we will contact you immediately informed of course.
Intricate rented world begins to rouse.
Intelligibility is one of those language-related concepts that everyone talks about and nobody knows what it means. It serves, for example, as a handy (read: ‘futile’) trick to assign inexistent boundaries to languages, which are said to be mutually unintelligible, versus dialects of the “same” language, which are said not to be. On this issue, I refer to Spanportishese, as above. We human beings in fact appear to be the only species for whom unintelligibility is an issue: Russian horses, say, and Brazilian ones seem to have no trouble communicating with one another, as far as we human beings can ascertain.
Being the stubborn paisan that I am, I didn’t take any of this into consideration at first. I figured I was a bad ass and could handle hill sprints and prowler sprints and tabatas at the end of every workout, but guess what…I ran myself into the ground, felt like crap, and was constantly trying to recover.
2011? Where has the time gone? It's about time I started blogging again - I have lots of new fresh recipes to share...stay tuned.
I’m not troubled by President Obama’s slow jam with Jimmy Fallon, who dubbed the commander in chief “preezy” during Obama’s appearance on late-night TV. No, preezy is making me queasy because his nonstop campaigning is looking, well, sleazy — and his ad suggesting that Mitt Romney wouldn’t have killed Osama bin Laden is just the beginning of it.
Each piece has been lovingly crafted by hand and each design is limited to only a few pieces. Made from fabrics and subtle embellishments, it’s jewellery as you have never seen it before. Our collection is available in two color palettes- bright and metallic; each piece paying tribute to the tribe it is named after. These pieces add a touch of royalty and drama wherever they go and beautifully complement our ‘From India with Love’ collection.
In a prize was offered for the manufacture of synthetic ultramarine which was awarded to B. Guimet in 1824. This rapidly reduced to a minimum the supply of natural Ultramarine Blue. The artificial Ultramarine Blue is made by calcination of sulfur, sodium carbonate, and kaolin by the so-called soda process. The manufacturing process is quite complicated and is still carried out in pot
Pundits on the right seem to want to talk about black on black crime as if it is connected in some way to the Zimmerman/Martin shooting. There is no doubt in anyone’s mind that black on black crime and the wave of gangland violence that has swept across cities like Chicago is an issue that needs to be addressed. But what does that have to do with the Zimmerman/Martin case?
We stood at the window and presented our documents. After some scrutiny we were admitted through the small door. Inside was a conveyer belt where we were to place all our belongings and shoes. The inside was dark, in gray concrete with drab chipped industrial paint on metal surfaces. After entering each section of the maze, iron doors are locked behind you. We were destined to communicate with sign language made up of gestures and expressions. We are lead to a counter by a guard with keys and authority. Another door is closed and locked. At the counter, we can leave anything that we have brought for John - books clothes and papers. We stand rigid while we watch these few possessions be examined. They are accepted and we are lead into another concrete room lined with metal lockers that remind me of school lockers in the 1940s and 50s. There we divest ourselves of all possessions. We must not retain even so much as a single scrap of paper.
May 5 Galleria 814 (814 St. Clair W.) 9 p.m.
Benedict Cumberbatch and Jonny Lee Miller won joint 'Best Actor' awards for his production.
New iPod Video – Gadget of Tomorrow
I've been wanting to experiment with diaper bags for a long time. I've never made a handbag or diaper bag before so it was a little out of my comfort zone. Well this morning I woke up at 4:30 and could not go back to sleep. With the kids still asleep I figured this would be a great time to get some sewing done so I went to work in my studio and after some seam ripping and adjusting and just plain ol' messing around, THIS is what I came up with!
He’d got his girl in trouble and the wedding cards were played
with the Masters." This magazine coincides with
My Father-in-law, a tall and stout man, often likes to dispense pearls of curious wisdom. Pearls that draw you in. Make you listen and concentrate with your head down. Usually over a pint, cupping your ear against the background din of a Friday night. And when he's said what he's had to say, Pete will often just lean back with a satisfied grin, full of sage ambivalence, finish his bitter and go and get another round in. Leaving you standing there, bemused and perplexed, wondering, "Did he just say what I think he just said?"
A bit like the Miller Chill but nowhere near as bad in taste or concept, this is another example of a beer made by a marketing department rather than by a brewery. A supposed Pilsner – by calling it Pils, they got it half right – it falls short on a few counts. It uses Saaz hops, like a pilsner should, but they must’ve run out half way through. By all means use Saaz hops, but if you are only going to run them past the kettle for effect, then don’t suggest it’s a pilsner. As a result, the bitterness, or lack thereof, is a let down. It’s not a terrible beer but they really should have consulted a brewer before committing to a full production run. As a result, this beer goes down as a Marketing Oddity.
Trim the asparagus. Snap off any woody ends and trim off the little pointy bits along the stem. (These can be bitter.) Wash well. Steam, covered for 2 minutes, until crispy tender.
In September of this year, in response to a proposed bill to change the law and ban squatting, several hundred ‘activists’ from across the country held a demonstration in Utrecht to protest. With Antifa as with anyone else, threaten to withdraw the subsidization of their lifestyles with the wealth of others, and they squeal. The reliance of these people on living off other people without providing something of value in return is evident, and provides a great insight into how feeble their ability to fund themselves presumably is. I will discuss this important issue in more detail below.
3. Dark Fantasy
By using a social networking site, such as Facebook or Twitter, you could create a page advertising your property. Post tips related to real estate and information about new properties for sale on social media sites.
Get the skillet good and hot again, and then heat 2 more tablespoons oil. Add the chicken and chili flakes if using. Stir-fry until the chicken loses its raw color and gets browned, about 3-4 minutes. Add the hoisin sauce, return the broccoli to the pan and toss to heat through. Stir in the reserved cornstarch mixture and bring to a boil to thicken. Add more water if need to thin the sauce, if necessary. Taste and season with salt and pepper, if you like. Mound the stir-fry on a serving platter or divide among 4 plates and garnish with sesame seeds; serve with rice.
As you probably know by now, I’m a big fan of Carina Press. They have a fantastic variety of titles and authors, which I appreciate because there’s something for all of my different moods. I decided to try Hunting the Shadows because I was in the mood for something a little different. Hunting the Shadows is romantic suspense tinged with the paranormal. Everyone at the Centre has some sort of gift, thanks to some genetic engineering and a lifetime of training. They really run the gamut of abilities, from telepathy like Amy, to the ability to manipulate time or change memories. Some of the folks at the Centre are working for the greater good but there are just as many people who have nefarious purposes. It’s an interesting world and it was a lot of fun getting to know its inhabitants. Amy and J. C. are great protagonists. J. C. has the strong and stoic thing down pat while Amy is a bit more open with her emotions, despite (or perhaps because of) being isolated for most of her life. I also liked most of J. C.’s teammates, even though we don’t get to know them as well as Amy and J. C. My favourites were Mackenzie and Ajay and you’ll see why when you pick up Hunting the Shadows!
Quite incredibly, the EPA issued a positive report on May 1, 2012 regarding the safety and toxicity of various dispersants use in the BP Gulf Oil Spill. Included in this assessment was the use of Corexit. This report “indicated that all eight dispersants had roughly the same toxicity, and all fell into the “practically non-toxic” or “slightly toxic” category.
God help us, is all I can say, and I'm not just talking about us writers but our so-called civilisation.
If you’re having trouble creating your Free Report, just sit down & ask yourself, “What are the top 10 questions I get from my current customers?” You can narrow it down quickly, just by doing that simple exercise.
6. Raise the royalties on resource extraction (lumber, oil and gas and mining) while reducing regulations.
“It’s not about the cash flash, it’s all about the implicit value of your relationship. People send thank-you notes to the maitre d’ — not even thank-you notes but cash-value surrender trade.”
One high school day, I sneaked out of the Mendiola gates of my school and walked with my friends to Greenhills.
We have been organising our workshop list for the beginning of next year, but it has proved very problematic, and we haven`t managed to send it yet. We had hoped to do it up to April, but every date we want in April is not available at our usual venue, so we have been trying to find somewhere else. Debby is hopefully going to finalise it today and get the list sent out - fingers crossed. We have been busy working on samples and trying to sort out what we are going to do. I will be doing another Beginner`s Course, and this time have decided to do a set of cushions. I have started to put them together , but I have quite a lot of quilting to do yet, as you can see from above. I need to stitch the circles, and can`t make up my mind to do it by hand or machine. I have used some of the new Moda Etchings Wovens from 3 sisters, plus a charm pack of Panier de Fleurs by French General, with a couple of others thrown in for good measure. The one below I will do by machine. They would go in my sitting room beautifully, and I am rather fed up with the cushions I have at present, so the may end up there! There are two others, but I have a little way to go with them yet.
A few weeks ago we decided to try our hand at growing mushrooms. We bought a mushroom kit from the local nursery and set it up in the garage where it is dark and cool. We have tried it in the past with no success, but this time, we have had excellent results, having already harvested 30 or more mushies, with plenty more to come.
While you’re at it, let the sun shine in. Open curtains and drapes to give yourself plenty of light, for an energy boost.
The zoo trip was so much fun on Wednesday! It's always a blast to see how kids respond to animals they so rarely see. "Ooh look at the baby monkey!" "Hey! That's an Okapi! I did a report on those!" "Can we ride the train? please"
That's why I always park on the top floor of Smith's.
Be blessed.
Joni Mitchell, Trouble Child
What is more unethical? Denying screening? Denying treatment? Or needing any of coverage or eligibilities in the first place?
from their mink
“I’ll do my best. What can you tell me about them? You got names?” He edges closer to hear his monitor’s response.
It happens that way sometimes. Life is moving along quite nicely, then something goes wrong. Then something else goes wrong. Before you’ve sorted out the first two problems, along comes a third, and a fourth. You feel as if everyone is conspiring against you: your friends, your family, your teachers, your boss. You feel totally overwhelmed by the pressure.
Sit in my bed and wonder what I am supposed to do with the rest of the day.
Adventurers from the Holy Roman Empire speak German, a Germanic language (no, really?) related to English and Scandinavian.
Rest in Peace big brother, you'll be missed.
That same someone is not getting a bunny.
Financial Analysis: You don’t have human resources to talk to about taking a vacation anymore. It’s all on you. Do you have enough money set aside to take that week off in Corpus Christi? Or would a weekend spent strolling around town serve you better? You will have complete control of your financials, and know when to do what with your time and money.
8. Marie Callendar's Cobblers
Heat the oil in a large pot. Add the cloves, cassia bark, star anise and bay leaf and saute for about 30 seconds.
Q. Yeah, Alcohol'll do that to you. Do you think that it makes sense going home with a guy you don't even know? And just to let you know, his name's not Dillon.
Emma and I walked around the block this morning. It was pretty chilly again, but nice to be out.
In a May 2, 2006 interview, Murphy pointed to hidden evidence (that, in fact, didn’t exist and that the police and Nifong had never claimed existed). Dismissing test results that indicated no DNA matches to any of the lacrosse players, Murphy asserted that “the broomstick DNA has not yet been revealed.” The only problem: there was no “broomstick DNA,” since even the mentally imbalanced Mangum had never claimed an assault by broomstick.
In this modern world most of us take energy for granted. It is something that has always been there for us to use. Only when there is a sudden interruption in the supply do we realize the degree of our dependence on energy. A failure of the domestic electricity supply or a sudden shortage of motor fuel is a major crises for most in the Western world.
c) You can double the recipe easily if you have many guests or if you like this salsa as much as we do at home.
Elsewhere, NOWHERE’s elite force of teenage metahumans, the Ravagers, lead by Rose Wilson, captured a team of time-displaced teens from the Legion of Superheroes. Now the Teen Titans, Superboy, and the Legion Lost must work together in order to survive the Culling – or face death at the hands of the Ravagers.
Thanks Tyler. That pretty much sums it up and means a lot to me because I have deep breathing problems too, but in case you want to know more here’s a video that also won’t help although I laughed a lot at around the fifty second mark.
-Once cooled, add in 1/2 a standard cucumber, peeled, seeded and diced.
Bama- "you don't even know how to spell that"
Our Mission:
While I didn’t find much to cheer about on the foreign policy portion of his speech, it is on domestic policy that I find much agreement with Ron Paul. In fact, he could have lifted whole tracks of his speech from my book, Common Ground America. Foreign policy, while a crucial element of any president’s agenda, has slowly shifted from my center of attention to domestic policy, I having long come to the conclusion that the greatest threat to American freedom comes not from foreign governments, but from our own. Sadly, America has become one of the least free nations on earth. Increasingly, everything in our lives is being regulated by a faceless bureaucracy, to a degree that neither Orwell nor Huxley could have imagined. Want to add a room onto your house? Get permission. Want to get married? Get permission. Want to open a business? Get permission. Want to fly a flag in your front yard? Get permission. Want to own a gun? Get permission. Want to open a lemonade stand? Get permission. Want to play Frisbee on the beach? Get fined. Want to preach politics from the pulpit? Get fined. Want to protest your government without permission? Get arrested.
Are you ready to give some of the Chomas Creations tools a try? Use the coupon code may10 at checkout to save 10% off your entire purchase in the Chomas Creations store!
Oaken Barrel is one of the many Indianapolis-area breweries that have expanded sales through the use of bottling and outside distribution. Bottles are labeled one at a time with the help of a labeling machine, then filled and capped four at a time on a capping machine. Cardboard six-pack containers are unfolded from flat pack and filled by hand. “It’s labor intensive. It’s ridiculous,” said Havens.
His second daughter, Jennie, may have been born, on Jan. 9, 1854, but there is some debate over what year she was born. Most biographies, including England’s Dictionary of National Biography, have her born in 1854. But a plaque commemorating her birth at 426 Henry St. in Cobble Hill says she was born in 1850. This is based on research done by Borough Historian James A. Kelly around 1952, when the plaque was dedicated. The 1850 birth date is corroborated by details in Jennie Jerome’s own memoir, in which she says her earliest memories are of being in Italy when her father was consul in Trieste, which, as stated above, was from 1852-53, before her supposed birth date of 1854.
Beeline counts the hits Smurfs’® Village, Zombie Cafe™ and Lil’ Pirates™ among its portfolio and brings a solid foundation of strong brands, innovation and compelling social gameplay to the market. For additional information on the company and its offerings, please visit www.Beeline-i.com.
8. Lou Reed & Metallica - Lulu
The Web site for “Gambit” looks simple, but students in the publishing studies class provided Fischer with advice on how to improve the site’s overall image and navigability. Suggestions included a major redesign of the home page’s banner, which now features a stretched sepia crawfish, the addition of recorded interviews and video content and revised placement of content throughout the site.
Sounds pretty easy to me.
“Men, brethren, and fathers, hear ye my defense which I now make unto you.”
My father didn't have an external need for accurate time, no job or medical reason that things had to be done precisely. My dad was a mild OCD type, a recorder, and I didn't realize how much of one until after he died in 2010. I put a new battery in the kitchen clock for my mother a few weeks ago, and found, taped to the back, a list of all the times he'd re-set the clock, and how much it was off by...according to CHU, no doubt.
And if you don't live close by or can't make it, FEAR NOT! I am going to offer instructions by email and/or a kit so you can still enjoy making this album yourself in the comfort of your own home. Just keep an eye on my website and I'll let you know when the info is ready!
I am vindictive words that cut to the bone
But al-Qaeda isn’t the only terrorist group that has benefited from Dar al-Hijrah’s institutional support for terrorism. Two U.S-based Hamas operatives, Abdelhaleem Ashqar and Ismail Elbarasse, are long-standing figures at the mosque. Ashqar served on Dar al-Hijrah’s executive board and Elbarasse was a founding member.
One of the biggest hurdles in a small home, is making the space work for you and your family. Often times it seems like the hardest working rooms are often the smallest, or most ill equipped for the functions they have to serve. In our home, the bathroom was no exception. Because of the way the lighting was done, we took out the over the toilet storage tower, so that it didn't feel like you were showering a dungeon. :-) Which left only the small cupboard in the vanity for storage.
In '77 spring training Harper went to Oakland, hoping to hook up with the decimated former champs. When that didn't work he took a scouting gig with the Yankees. In '78 Boston hired him away into their sales organization and from '80 to '84 he was the Sox first base coach. In '85 he moved back to the admin side, this time as an assistant GM. That tenure got stormy, however when Tommy complained to management about the team's long-standing policy in spring training of offering passes to the local Elks Club, which only admitted whites (in '85?!!). He was fired that December and in response filed a discrimination suit through the EEOC the following January. There is an interview with Tommy linked to here when he was working at an auto maintenance place as a follow-up gig. He won the case in December and the Sox stopped using the club. By '88 Tommy was back in baseball as a consulting base-running coach for the Expos. From '90 to '99 he was a Montreal coach proper. In 2000 he returned to Boston and remained on the coaching staff through '02. Since then he has worked as a roving and consulting hitting coach for the Sox, most recently bailing David Ortiz out of his 2011 slump.
Their songs included:
6. I gathered our things, and made to leave. This lady then blocked our way. “You can attack a kid, but now that my husband is coming you’re trying to leave? You’re not going anywhere.” She then put her hand on my arm and tried to stop us. All the while my daughter is getting freaked out because she is very rarely exposed to yelling or overt signs of anger. Being who I am, I figured, “Let’s see how this plays out.”
'We'll just have to see who gets there first.'
I used some Basic Grey Jovial pp... just adore this range, the flowers are perfect for fussy cutting and the colours are so delicious, so you will be seeing this range pop up on quite a few of my creations as I have been going to town with it!! I have Kraft as my background and added some black paint splatters, then distressed and inked the edges to grunge it up a little. The Santa bingo card is from Simple Stories and the gorgeous Christmas charm is a new range of Charming Chains handmade by Tracy at my2angels.
Last but never least, hats! Hats add a great retro look to any signature style (sadly, they are not worn as frequently today!) I myself prefer a headband or tilt-style hat for the most part (because I have a ginormous head!) but there are so many beautiful styles to choose from, I would encourage you to play with them all!
As a general rule, if you must, you can mention things that happen in the first fourth of the book, and for sure you can hint at what will happen in later chapters without mentioning specific events, but anything beyond that is a spoiler and should be noted at the beginning of the review. (For example: “This review contains spoilers.”) Those who don’t like surprises will continue reading your review. Those who do like surprises can choose not to read it.
“And if the prosecution needs it for cross-examination, we can even convert the coffee-makers into boiling-hot water-boarding devices,” Bowers added.
purple
Well, he left and you know what? I did just fine. In fact, I did better than fine. The kids were great. I dealt with it myself when I had a meltdown. I took care of all household duties without him there to help me. I know it sounds wimpy, but things had become really too much for me, and I hated it. I absolutely hated that about myself. My mom lost her hair while he was gone, and it was really really hard. But I did it. She had her first chemo , and I dealt with it. All things I desperately did not want to experience. But I remembered that I am tough and that I can handle things on my own. I am infinitely better with Travis, but I can also be great by myself.
Regional Life Specialist, Austin, TX
MCALMONT AND NYMAN – UNDERNEATH THE HESSIAN BAGS
The sun was blazing hot, far too miserable to enjoy a stroll. But, with the combination of tall buildings and narrow streets, I spent most of my time in the shade.
There is no religion on the planet that compares with the divinely revealed, complete, consistent, practical, and systematic theology of the Catholic Church.
have licenses as counselors.
I used to have photographs on my website. One was what I thought was an interesting picture of the interior of a mid-1980s school room under Communist dictator Enver Hoxha. (I have since got a life.) Imagine my surprise at the number of people who found my photos page because of their Google searches for “Albanian schoolboys”.
Someone asked me yesterday what my number one quality is that I look for in a person. I know, after my experiences of the last few months, years, lifetimes, that hands down, what I need in a friend, lover, colleague, is that sense of honor and decency.
V: Why did you do it? So stupid, why did you do it?
Boots: Appepazza.
she nodded her head as she listened to cyrus. it was the call she wanted and dreaded. would she be in the corps...would she be asked to join the company...or, crushingly, was she rejected - disappointing her mother's dreams of a prima ballerina. the dreams her mother had for herself. the dreams she gave up after the accident. she shifted again as cyrus told her the critiques from the panel. her arms were a bit short....her turnout a bit overextended...but her pointe work was good, her lines elegant. mandy swatted at a dust mote that traveled across her sight, focusing on his words....but...unfortunately, they were not asking her to join.
“Actually, they didn’t have text messaging back then. They had to use the phones original purpose, which was voice communication. You spoke into one end and listened to the voice of the person on the other end.”
There was a spat before Christmas about the excellent Oxford Companion to Beer. Many in the beer blogosphere were queueing up to find errors and cite them as proof that the book is worthless, or at the very least, deeply flawed. This turned into a rather worrying witch hunt where almost any positive mention of the OCB online was rooted out and lambasted (one beer writer was even attacked on his Facebook page for posting that he was looking forward to reading it).
Today was my one free day for eating this week. You could call it my refueling day. I think that plan is working well. I enjoy the freedom and don’t feel guilty because it’s only once a week. If you don’t agree with this plan you better not read below what I had for lunch!
In March I ended up picking up a spinning wheel and have started to learn that. I find it much easier than a drop spindle, which surprises some people. I am still working on socks, and finally found a cast on number that seems to work better with my feet. I have only made one this way, but am hoping to start another pair soon.
Me and my dependable bike with basket that delivered thousands of newspapers from 1951 to 1956
There is a deepening in the detachment. Freed from thinking about how to present an idea in an instant, the silence begins to have its way with me.
To review the history, the way this preferential upzoning, an example of spot zoning, even got on the table all had to do the community previously being told to expect an improved St. Vincent’s Hospital in return for the sacrifice of accepting it. It’s complicated but, essentially, the old St. Vincent’s Hospital was participating in a manipulation to leverage its nonprofit or 501(c)(3) status into the creation of extra real estate rights (density and zoning override) for the benefit of a private real estate developer looking to build a very large project on some of the city’s most valuable real estate.
After reading about 40,000 conflicting opinions on do-it-yourself-bacon on the interwebz, here's what I've decided to do.
When the news arrives;
(but there will be some chrissy surprises too,lol)
On two others, I transfered the images onto the envelopes using acrylic paint. The acrylic paint transfer is really easy, if a bit tedious, to do. All you need is a print out (on regular printer/copier paper) of a photo, some acrylic paint, some water, and some patience.
I have to blend it, be actively looking for work- in moderation- and not stress over it to the point where I will get an early heart attack. I realize even if I had a job, not all my problems will magically go away. The future is always going to be uncertain, I could be transferred to the moon! Or perhaps my best friend across the country might move over here! Or I might be so busy I may not have time for a social life at all! Who knows!
March 1st, 2012:
and if you're looking for a Steampunk game,
EDITOR: Whafuck?
How did Dave kill Goliath? His sling and a rock that hit him in the middle of his forehead.
Before I begin ...let's shout out Aretha's album, "Live at the Filmore West"...a CD I purchased one night in Tower on Sunset on a humbug...a truly amazing record..(its mos def a favorite...Spirits in the Dark)
So, yeah, in summary, mostly happy child, very proud but very confused parent.
Leeds
Every writer or someone who aspires to become one has insecurity; it’s not really a bad feeling, only makes one work harder!
Sometimes, after a busy week at work trying to cook from scratch can just be a step too far. So I thought I would share with you a recipe I have been tweaking for years, it was a regular weeknight supper when I worked full time and my sons were both at school. Sometimes when they both appear home for supper I will still make it, there is something so comforting about food from your childhood!
You know the old chesnut; your house is on fire and you can only rescue one object, what would it be? Well, for me it would be this little beauty. The 2004 Trunk soundtrack release of Gerry Anderson's first live-action series, UFO. Set far in the future, 1980. All the cars were sleek with gull-wing doors (eat your heart out Delorean) and all the girls had purple wigs and wore silver boots.
Muthafuckin' rainbows.
I'll go and leave you in peace now - better finish loading the washing machine and then get some cleaning and ironing done.
His campaign team has found a way to remind voters of the historic achievement that was the killing of Usama bin Laden. He clearly couldn’t just say, ‘vote for me I killed UBL’. No, instead he will use it as a way to explain how he hopes to bring America together. An America that isn’t working together due to the divided government in Congress and the Republican presidential candidate who wants to oust the president.
I suspect that some of it has to do with the fact that as much as I hate being spanked, I love how I feel after. I love that the fight is gone, the connection between us, the complete lack of stress and angst in my soul. For a little while, everything is right with the world. Still, that fight has to find its way out of my psyche.
Today I'm going on my first bus ride as a non-driver.
G picked me up at my place, on time, and drove me to a restaurant where he liked to have breakfast. I had never been there before. I liked the place, though what I ordered was not the best for a person trying to lose weight. Even after having breakfast, we were still a bit early, as I had been told that the general admission people would not be allowed in til 11:00, and they wouldn't even be sold tickets til 10:15. So we had time for G to run an errand, and we still arrived around 10:30. Not in any hurry, we spoke to a few people in the parking lot, and then a friend came to tell us that they were letting people in a bit early. So I told G that I would see him later, and I went off with my friend. By the time we found where to buy a ticket, there was no line at all.
I can't even begin to explain how genius this whole setup is! Her small time and moola investment, now gives her kitties a safe to place munch down their food, tells her pet-sitters all the necessary information to keep the pets safe and healthy, her space is personalized and beautified and has a ton of concealed storage, not to mention a whole work table!!! I could go on and on, but her picture really says it all so perfectly!
Wide River to Cross by Levon Helm
Billy Wilder, the great Austrian-American filmmaker won, I think, seven Academy Awards. He also had great movies in almost as many film genres, including film noir (Double Indemnity, Sunset Boulevard), war (Five Graves to Cairo, Stalag 17), comedy (Some Like it Hot, The Apartment) and more. In short, he was quite a "storyteller."
So like this empty park bench above, where is anyone? Did they just leave or is someone coming? Like ones faith you believe this for it fills a gap in what you my or not know and like the video below who is watching?
Frank is not bored with football at all. He, um, encourages the players and coaches through the television screen and likes to spend most of Sunday with the NFL. Days when we get to watch the Saints and the Seahawks are especially good days.
Fletch shrugged. “So long as she gets trained and doesn’t bring the roof down on your head, I figured you wouldn’t give a crap.”
8. Spumoni Ice Cream (at request of Hubby)
Despite the no show from a complacent Labour Party and others, it was a very enjoyable event and well done to Billy Jones from the Students’ Union and those in the audience who took time to attend and take part in the question and answer session.
The syrups surprised me. Added to the beer, they recall some long lost fountain drink, like a phosphate. (For those who don't like to stray too far from sight of a hop, these are a distant wander to foreign land--a word to the wise.) The raspberry wasn't too weird--hold your mouth right and you could imagine a fruit lambic. But the "green" was something else. I didn't get "marshmallow" from it. There's a strong vanilla note, and something herbal behind that. Hay isn't far off, but with a tiny touch of anise. The syrups are heavier than beer, and you need to stir as you go along, or you'll end up with two fingers of weird Fanta. I recommend getting them on the side so you can add to taste. Just a touch and they add some flavor without much sweetness. Go hog wild and dump the whole thing in if you want a wild ride.
Saturday, October 15, (daytime) - Wekiva Springs State Park. Annual Meeting of the Florida Wildflower Foundation. Plant Sale & talk on fall wildflowers ~1:30 pm.
Faint strains of Frank Sinatra waft through the air from a neighboring yard as I preside over the family grill. A feeling of nostalgia washes over me.
In the instance of Mary McArdle, it’s pretty clear that that precept wasn’t kept to. The appointment was a hurtful and unnecessary reminder of a terrible crime and it seemed, to many people, like a reward for an act of violence.
Serve with fresh fruit, milk, yogourt, maple syrup or to your liking!
All the tax rates and exemptions refer to national inheritance law, and apply to almost all non-residents. Residents will find regional differences.
Make up is not always easy, especially if you are not in the habit of wearing a lot of it. There are many tutorials you can watch but none of them are any replacement for practise unfortunately. I would recommend that you go for a slightly more dramatic look than normal for a wedding. I love smokey eyes but a metallic/ shimmer look would work for a more formal occasion as well.
In the 1950’s and 60’s that mindset changed. “Today he says – ‘Yes, fine. This is what we wanted.’ Then he reaches over and rips it out of your sketchbook and prints it, charcoal smudges and all. It’s a wonderful feeling.”
What I loved: The timeless tale of family, framed by magic.
Nothing but an empty Deschutes bottle.
Forever entwined.
We now have a real connection. He knows that I accept and care for him just as he is. Most of the people in his life are working hard to help him change and that may be important; however, it is also important to have someone in his life to accept him as he is with all his strengths and flaws, and it is me. In this way, I am helping him develop empathy.
Yes! You are laughing now
Tremors
Hey Laura!
1 abandoned
Malaysia’s racial unity is actually being destroyed by UMNO. It is because of UMNO that Malaysia is more polarized then ever. It is because of UMNO that religious and racial tensions are wittingly brought up for political reasons without any regards to what harm it has done to our social fabric UMNO in the last five decades has used the diverse populace to divide instead of uniting them. They have been very successful in dividing and ruling them by using unfounded fears involving race and religion.
With a good comb out and some Paul Mitchell styling spray I was able to get the hair to behave. I took two sections from the front, just above the ears, twisted them under and joined them to a pony tail in the back. I made delicate little flowers with gold vellum and micro beads to decorate the hair style. I used some great paper punches for teenie tiny flowers that I got at Hanky Panky, look how small they are!
This year, the center for all Nowruz activity was held on March 18 at the Crowne Plaza hotel in Seacaucus, New Jersey.
But why did the lady who started her stint in power with slogans like “change, not revenge” and really surprised and pleased many with her initial civilised ways, reverse her approach so quickly and so decisively? Offering an apologia of sorts, one panelist in a televised discussion on the assault on the JU professor opined that her intolerance or angry reactions should be understood as an expression of the “hyper-sensitivity” of the first woman Chief Minister of West Bengal. Many, including some of her erstwhile supporters and admirers among the intelligentsia, have freely used against her invectives like madness, megalomania, fascist mindset and so on. It has also been observed that a deep-seated sense of personal insecurity lurks behind the CM’s overreaction to criticism.
If you would like to purchase the instructions for this set, you will find the details in the right hand column. The instructions will be emailed to you as a PDF document within 48 hours.
I dislike the funny flap version of this pattern, but I can easily avoid that by simply not making it! Having said that, maybe someone could make a version in red with contrast navy piping and a gold anchor button on each flap and I’d be sold!
Today, my son had a full-fledged meltdown because (and I could not make this up) my boyfriend came and helped me take out the garbage.
After Macy’s I talked to Patrick about the vests and the suits. The sale was just for the jacket and pants and it wasn’t very good. It would have been $220 then the vest was $75 and we would still need the shirt and tie, which would probably be another $50. We just could not ask the guys to spend $350 on a suit for a wedding … and that is before tax!
One block of soft tofu
He is not picky with his food ,but he does like to eat sweet food and good smell food.
And then came editing.
Myrdal, G. (1944). An American Dilemma, Harper & Row, New York
Saturday: Rest Day
This was also revealed by the mother of a serving soldier on the net but she quickly removed it. This is corroborated by Dr. Richard North who learnt that the M.O.D. was buying up “unusually large quantities of tear gas and other riot equipment.”
# 4 : Julie Kagawa – The Iron Knight
This is how it happened with me.
What these young people really “need” to purchase is a moral compass, half a brain and a lick of self-restraint. It’s a shame they don’t sell those particular items at Abercrombie and Fitch or every young person on the planet would be clamoring to get their hands on some. And let me tell you – there’s certainly a god damned need.
Oh, before I go, does anyone out there know how to get the signature working in blogger after installing IE9? I can't get my signature (the pretty one with the butterflies and all) to work. ALL I get is a big red X. If you know how to get it back with IE9 installed, please e-mail me.....THANK YOU!!
the Mets 13-4 on the back of John Paciorek amazing debut maybe the best
I try to learn from these poor choices and mistakes
I do not bake macarons (there is an element of fear, I admit it, but there is also only so much foot talk I can stand - unless you are Dr. Seuss ).
I read one book about the Titanic this weekend. Never got to the rest of the books I showed you last week. Watched a few too many hours of Titanic specials commemorating the 100th anniversary of the sinking, but I was crocheting! I'm not sure why I am interested in this ship, but I am fascinated by it.
There’s your set up as well as a pretty good handle on the film. There’s more, lots more. There’s plenty for Gianni to look at and admire.
I have loved crafting since I was a small child; I remember loving to color and make things with paper back then. As a young adult I started collecting ephemera; I love the look, feel, and history of it. Over the years I have created with ceramics, beads, polymer clay and many other crafts and always have fun doing it. I will try anything....lol. I started scrapbooking 20 years ago when there was nothing on the market and had to dream up my own ideas. And about 8 years ago I joined a group of ladies who were card making, and we get together once a month to play. And that progressed to trading ATCs. My passion is cardmaking and I am loving playing with you all on Blogland...it's helping to feed my addiction to all things paper.
I know....I haven't been around much recently. It's not bad news though....it's because things have been going sooo well I've been busier than usual.
I wonder how long this will last?
Here is another one of my completed projects:
I proceeded to watch the rest of the episode. By myself. In my bed. Wearing my emergency 3D glasses.
“Desertion,” Clifford D. Simak, 1944 – Two volunteers who have had their bodies turned into “Lopers” so that they can survey the surface of Jupiter disappear. The administrator can’t in good conscience send another volunteer to look for them, so he transforms himself and his faithful dog into Lopers. Once in his new body, he decides not to return to humanity.
Pradip’s inspired idea was to create the Dip-Bahan, a faster, lighter rickshaw and then, under a microfinance model, allow pullers to buy the rickshaw and repay the loan in 18 months, on a daily basis. When banks refused to finance production of the new Dip-Bahans, Pradip went to businesses and cleverly got them to invest by giving them deeply discounted ad rates on the backs of the rickshaws. Once the puller owns his rickshaw, he can double his income and begin to pull himself and his family out of poverty. Pradip also finances uniforms, shoes, licenses, health and accident insurance, and photo ID cards under the same microfinance model, to bring respect, safety and camraderie to the profession.
I thought it might be helpful to provide further clarification on the situation at the Bath, and a bit more thought on the upcoming arrangement for Thornbridge to run it.
What do you think? How can you simplify?
On our stroll home, we passed many things, such as the guys below performing "Rockin' Robin" with all their hearts and souls. We also passed sidewalk cafe tables full of laughing people, and people strolling arm-in-arm through the narrow streets eating ice cream, and people just staring up in awe at the buildings around them. In that moment, as my husband chased my son to our apartment with the intent to strangle him, I felt complete Paris contentment. As difficult and claustrophobic as it is sometimes, it was our best decision to live in the 6th, right smack in the middle of it all.
Isaac’s been kicked out of more schools than he can count. Since his father’s a state senator, Isaac’s life is under constant scrutiny—but Concordia High’s his last stop before boarding school, so Isaac’s hoping to fly under the radar and try to stay put for a change.
These users (the tech-savvy, buying kind) are more likely to use Google than Yahoo or MSN).
What could I tell him? That I wanted to cry? That I wanted to ask him what in the heck he thought he was doing? That I wished he’d stuck to repairing his lawnmowers and left my cabinet alone? That I wanted to turn back time and give his free day back to him again? That I hated what he’d done?
Card is from stash, backing paper is from echo park sweet summertime set.
One debt collector, a few years ago, once he had been informed by Telstra that the relevant debt was indeed a mistake and that I didn't have to pay it, said to me, 'I'm sorry, I didn't know.' I replied, 'yes, and you didn't care, did you?' All that time he was being so demanding and insisting and intimidating toward me, he had never bothered to take any steps to be sure that I actually was a guilty party before threatening legal proceedings, in a direct reversal of the supposed 'innocent until proven guilty' philosophy of our society's legal system. Seeing as it was later established that I had never incurred a debt in the first place, the actions taken by the debt collectors amount to nothing more than unjust accusations and harassment - actions that are punishable by law, if people who aren't employed by debt collectors commit them. He just took instructions from his computer screens and pleaded the old excuse of war criminals everywhere - I'm just doing my job.
You don't need to be more or less religious than you are right now.
When it hurts a little bit, I can't stand at my work table to do anything. When it hurts moderately, I can't sit up straight at my sewing machine. When it hurts a lot I have to take major pain killers and then I can't think or stay awake.
So go grab some of these beers (or if you can't find any of them for some reason, a couple honorable mentions are below), get ready to harass some Cardinals fans, and head towards Stadium Drive to put in some quality tailgating time this season.
10. Tiger balm/Arnica: Tiger balm smells, Arnica doesn’t. Take your pick. Personally, I don’t mind the tiger balm smell as long as I’m not going to be in public. Both relieve pain from sore muscles and aches or whatever else is ailing you and both are natural treatments that have been used for years.
profile 2012 based on data
Cold weather is upon us once again, which means that it is time to plant some garlic!
Tonight, I was having second thoughts about running (it was raining). But I decided to just do it - I've discovered it's much nicer, in some ways, to run in the rain. Once I was in my running gear my brain kept on thinking about this right-footed thing. Not wanting to totally embarrass myself in my street, I had a couple of little practices in the hallway.
Membership Director
Don’t look now American League, but the Texas Rangers may have found a bonafide ace. The two time defending American League Champions have been more known for their bats during their recent run. The offseason saw them lose left handed starter and workhorse CJ Wilson. They not only lost him, but lost him to division rival LA Angels. The theory was that the Rangers were now weakened and the Angels already stout rotation was reinforced. Besides, the Rangers only added a pitcher without any MLB experience to replace Wilson. He’ll have to learn the MLB and the transition wouldn’t be easy for him. Think again.
Directions: okay brace yourself this is the hard part. Put all the ingredients in the blender and blend until smooth. Whoo did you make it? That was hard. I have to say I didn’t add the honey and cinnamon until afterward. It was just easier that way to add a little at a time then mix and taste. I guess I should also mention that this only makes a small portion. Only about a small bowlful. For me that is plenty since I’ve had little to no appetite. But if you’re a normal person, you may need to consider doubling the recipe. I also should warn you that this isn’t going to taste like a rich creamy mousse. The tofu flavor does stand out a bit. So if you don’t like tofu, then you may not want to try this recipe.
I could look at your face until I go blind
“The principal of St. John’s Lutheran School was fired this weekend for espousing the shocking doctrine that maybe the church is in error and men don’t have total authority over women. Is that equality I hear? Scandalous! We can’t have our children exposed to such disturbing arguments.”
Pocahontas: Confession, it’s been awhile since I’ve seen this one and the details are blurry. But I do remember that Pocahontas is brave, that she saved John Smith’s life, and in the sequel saves her entire tribe from war with the British.
No, I’m really OK being by myself. But am I supposed to become happy knowing no one LOVES me? I’m not talking family love, I’m talking – intimate love. The love I don’t have. How do I become content with that? How do I accept that? I just want to be special to someone who is special to me.
I lazily meander back across the parking lot watching the riders on their playfully trotting horses. I’ve really got a lot of things to get caught up on at the still-under-construction new and larger brewery, but I decide to watch the jockeys a little while longer. I know I’m the one goofing off, but leaning against the saddle of my iron steed and watching the hard working jockeys seems at the time to be a very productive way to waste much of my morning.
It contains flouride, magnesium, Polyphenols, some vitamins and lots of minerals. Did I mention it tastes really good? It's one of the few teas that is lovely with milk. I like mine with just a hint of honey... mmmmm...
Me: All the time, I ask Him all the time.
Or the next.
What are your other selling venues? Do you prefer those over Ebay, if so why?
Coach and alternate: John Raymond Kofonow
4. Preheat oven to 325F.
Here are my gloves. I bought them when I was getting a new pair of shoes last fall. I had been meaning to get thin, fingertip-less gloves for a while, so I grabbed some while I was thinking about it. Usually I don’t make impulse purchases. What’s funny is I kept reading about people getting “texting gloves” during the winter. Gloves without fingertips so people can operate their touchscreen smartphones. I would be offended if someone told me I was wearing texting gloves. I’m not one of those people who is attached to their cellphone, texting all day and all night.
Reviewed by: Kamal Boparai
I’d meant it to be a grand Tolkienesque epic: traditional in story, sweeping in scope. Selling such an opus would not be easy, but among the polite rejections was a request for a full from Tor.
I don’t know about you, but I’m a big fan of TED talks and think it’s a wonderful online resource that makes me hopeful about humanity and mankind. I recently watched a clip that my friend posted up, about how in Jazz there are no mistakes – nothing is ever a mistake, only a failure to respond to the input and failure to accept the gift of that moment.
This week it is B
Oh hell seemed to whisper, "Just forget it, He's dead."
When the event started 3 years ago, I was very involved in the planning and the coordinating, but as the years have gone by, I've been doing much less for the PTA, in general. I got a little burned out. Sometimes I don't even bother showing up for these things. This time, though, I was informed by the committee "we've signed you up to help at checkout." They don't even ask, they just put my name down on the list of people who will help do math related things at the end of the night. It's okay, though, I would have volunteered, anyway.
I must admit was skeptical at first.
Whilst I’m on the topic of painting and my wee paintings I think I’ll put up a few more pictures.
Aprons: 1
fuck this shit.
Hhhhhmmmmmm what else??????
I barely tapped the wealth of Irish proverbs to enhance A Band of Roses. More than enough of these jewels remained to enrich Fiery Roses and Salty Roses:
We saw our doctor again today. At our last meeting he presented us with our options: to continue the pregnancy or terminate. Not wanting to sway us one way or the other, he implied that 50% of people chose to continue, 50% chose to terminate. This was OUR decision and we needed to figure out what was right for US. He gave us a few days to think it over and now we were reporting back to him. Fortunately, he had the compassion and flexibility to be able to see us after regular business hours. I really appreciated that.
My teacher taught me
1T grated ginger
Think now about your siblings. Did you have any? Were you an only child? Did any of your attitudes towards them or their attitudes towards you cause you anxiety or shame? How did your parents treat all of you, did they play you against one another? Was there unhealthy competition between you because of your parents playing favorites? Just remember, like we learned in the previous exercise, none of this is about you. You had almost nothing to do with your parents system of managing you and your siblings as children.
"I will stop collecting catalogs (especially those I don't even want)."
We set out the normal amount of chairs, then quickly realized we would need more. So, I went back for more…then I went back for more. Soon we had every chair we owned set out, plus a few of our old ones that we saved from before the flood.
- Friends
On the streets at this point it would turn out that Ochestra also happens to be on the streets at this point, and the younger girl, Chinatsu chances a look at Jonah as she and her master pass by. At this point though Valmet and Koko are shopping, the latter left alone for an instant when Orchestra make their move, however as Valmet races to save her Jonah arrives just in time to save her. Unable to understand how she can smile in this situation. However while law enforcement arrives to put down the situation, Orchestra dismisses them with ease, fortunately however Lehm happens to have arrived on the scene and is already dispatching orders to the others.
Usually, when someone is going to approach photography the first thing he doea is to buy a camera. Of tern it does a more or less in depth course, where he learns basic technique, as aperture, times, ISO, white balance and so on. Almost nothing is said about the other great protagonist of photography: the recipient, the human eye... READ MORE
I don't know how other authors (who aren't graphic designers like me) can cope. It surprises me that most (?) publishers don't have a dedicated designer tasked with churning out graphics for their authors' websites, blogs and marketing activities.
I did not take photos of the process, I am leaving that up to Ree...so if YOU want to add this to your arsenal of Christmas/everyday homemade goodies then take a look at her site for the recipe and the how to. (if you haven't already!) You will NOT be dissappointed.
Consider:
A Venus made flesh in a shell full of sea?
Kid: Can you make bread during the day while you're home?
From God’s perspective, our lives look a whole lot different.
Just then the shuttle jumped from her hand and out the door. However, it began to weave a carpet before the threshold, a more beautiful one than anyone had ever seen before. At its sides blossomed roses and lilies. In its middle, against a golden background, there were rows of green upon which hares and rabbits were jumping about. In between, stags and deer stuck out their heads. Colorful birds sat above in the branches. The only thing missing was their singing. The shuttle jumped back and forth. It was as though everything was growing by itself.
LTE/4G- TIM reports profits up 30%, will bid in Brazil’s 4G auction: TIM is participating in today’s Brazilian LTE auction… bit.ly/IExdJF
But over the last couple months, some junk got piled in our library, and it was the tough kind--like years worth of paperwork that needed to be gone through and filed. So this has been James' project, and this weekend he really did a great job and the library is nearly clean again.
I have to answer, that we couldn't figure out
Here's one possible way to solve it. Choose some easy numbers for the distance they travel, for the speeds, and for the time in case of Frank.Then just calculate!
Recently, an interviewer for JAM magazine asked me, "Which phrases do you over-use the most?"
5. NEVER EVER gift yarn, notions, patterns expecting it to be used for you. Do not hint that I make you something. Ask me simply and straightforward. I may or may not make it for free if you buy the yarn, or may charge you for my time… either way be proud and humble to think I would even consider doing it for you since you are too lazy to learn to do it for yourself.
accumulates. Dull cry of panic. May the
Muscle and blood and skin and bones
Memorable Line: “Coffee’s free for friends of the press.”
08-Mercy Street
but I can still feel the storm pushing inside this room.
though sometimes
I hope you have all had a lovely weekend :)
"A Woman takeing her bra and shirt off shoing her tits with no things what seeing the tits wih out a bras or shirts in the wayrt."
“It’s snowing,” he said. “That’s a miracle if you like. It never snows in London at Christmas. The bookies will be furious.” She squinted over at the window and gasped with pleasure. He was right. Big, fat flakes of proper snow were falling, fluffy and white against the glass.
Worked On - 4 ( 3 pouches and 1 mini quilt)
Then I remembered that I still have some unfinished business that I need to take care of. So what better time than today to catch-up on those few things.
04. Praise
We have the power to make someone else feel like a huge piece of...poop. And that's not right. You have to realize that everybody isn't that annoying; you're just in a bad mood and you have to stop yourself before unleashing your rage and say things that you might later regret.
Writing While Waiting is the one and only thing a writer should do. I mean, besides painting, sculpting, writing songs, or doing anything else creative that calls your soul into being in the world.
1 brook
by Rupert Brooke
He sat there for a while, maybe hours, and maybe days. The sheep eventually got used to him. In their eyes he looked like a hill, covered with juicy grass. Beauty watched them with astonishment. What were those creatures? He had never seen them. Or did he? When one of the white woolly what-are-theys walked onto his hand, Beauty raised it slowly.
During said special birthday outing at the toy store, I found myself feeling especially tired. At first I tried to convince myself that I was just feeling the effects of a stressful week. Until the manager discovered me rolled up in a ball on the floor next to the train table in a cold sweat while my child ran the train. Fever, chills, exhaustion and by the end of the night I could not swallow from the pain. Urgent care. Strep throat. I missed seeing the Lorax with the birthday boy. The husband said it was good. I was too delirious to care.
May 03 1:32 AM
4. "10% of the dining experience comes from the food." There are so many factors that influence one's mood, perception, and memory of a dining experience that ultimately feeds into review. Stay with me for a moment as I dive into some academia. People in happy moods tend to ignore negative information, and people in grumpy moods tend to think more logically about situations. There's an vast amount of research in the field of social psychology that investigates that impact of mood on perception and memory. For example: Let's say that I receive terrible service along with some fairly satisfying and tasty food. I would hazard to guess that the service might put a damper on my experience and therefore I might rate the restaurant worse the food actually was. On the other hand, there are some restaurants I frequent because no matter how terrible my day was, they always put me in a good mood. Thank you @FSAustin and @MilanoAustin.
I guess you could include F****** A in the above but the F here alludes principally to the façade, floors and other fixtures and finishes. But firstly, the finishing and the closure of yet another chapter in my working life. The teaching year in Barcelona is beginning to wind down and I have started to say my goodbyes to ‘students’ some of whom I have known since I started teaching four years ago. Goodbyes uttered on a scale starting from the very poor English, to Spanglish and through to the very good. Along the way I have inadvertently picked up some good friends, got a good insight into Spanish and Catalan life and culture and would say that it has truly been one of the most enjoyable work experiences in my somewhat chequered career. The life of the peripatetic teacher is coming to a close. For my part, the teaching was largely learnt ‘on the hoof’ and one quickly learnt that students initially knew a sight more than the teacher about grammar and its associated terminology. Ultimately, the teaching was the easy part. It has been the 70km round trip to Barcelona on each working day and the getting about the city by metro, bus or tram between classes that proved tiring. Leaving the house just after seven in the morning and returning around nine at night, with the following day’s material to be pulled together after dinner. I’m not grumbling. It has been a bag load of fun and has provided me with a reasonable income in an alien country where I can still hardly string a sentence together in the local lingo, be it Catalan or Spanish. So to one and all thank you and “Fins aviat!!”.
Lonnie Dee Robertson
I'll be sure to post again with the details of the new digs when it's ready.
This was in one of the Samuel Adams Winter Classics or Brewmasters 12 pack. I think there were 6 different beers in the pack but I can't remember anymore since I drank this beer before Christmas.
Off she goes again and this time I am forced to run for the cover of the Monkey Puzzle tree. Bloody spiky that tree! Again, I am undetected.
Thanks to Mira Ink for providing a review copy of this book.
He looked dancing like I feel swimming.
He said he’s excited about what God is doing in response to the violence – so excited, in fact, that he isn’t frightened and doesn’t want to leave.
Just used some paper clay added the wooden toothpick legs into the bottom
So, I don't know about you, but when I have on the perfect outfit (and it was perfect for my mood for the day) the idea of changing said perfect outfit is nothing less than crazy making. What does one wear, I ask, that somehow will look ok for work, but also allow you to possibly get covered in plaster and dust and shit at the same time? And also, will make you feel as good as the outfit you were just wearing and are now forced to change out of?
Girl opens blue velvet box to reveal an engagement ring
* Spacious shopping basket
Yours in trying to figure it out,
In other sequences, such as a vision where gravity shifts and we see both dancers as if they are seated at a table from above, they become a couple, negotiating the differences and contradictions of relationship. But mostly this is an exploration of the ways in which human beings deal with and express their interior polarities.
Spring forward to the next season, spring, and see that small groups ended and we all went on our own merry way. I was not continuing in the leading of small groups for the upcoming seasons as I felt spiritually drained and told myself I needed to refill my cup. This was also a time that I had been seeking theology and hearing different preachers preach on different ideas. I found a school of theology that had a large source of their curriculum on iTunes University and I was really stoked to have the opportunity to learn theology in that manner. Days passed by and turned into weeks passed by and I hadn’t listened to a single sermon, or lecture if you want to call it that. In fact, reading from the Bible decreased as well as consistent prayer. It got to a point that I had reached before where I was just going through the motions of attending church and not praying or opening a Bible. Shoot, at one point I just stopped going to church on Sunday’s, telling myself I had “more important” things to do.
There’s no solutions in Modern Times—just observations. The first is that efficiency demands organization, then repetition, then rigidity. The second is that people are machines if they act like them. The Tramp is jostled, squeezed and misdirected through the café crowd just as he was through the factory’s equipment. The riots he causes seem automatic—they occur as easily as if he’d leaned back on a switch he didn’t see. He’s hired, fired, imprisoned, freed and hired again, good as new and never the wiser.
I love having a cup of tea or hot cider in the evening with my hubby while we talk or watch a favorite tv show together.
My gorgeous ATC uses a very cute image from Heather which I have coloured with Copic Markers and fussy cut. I couldn't resist adding the little "Tweet" word!!
You just need a good mic, a good compressor and a good voice. Then you push the performer to do his best. I do a lot of editing work and comping.
10/20 – Minneapolis, MN – The Cabooze
Subtitles…you are explaining too much already.
Last Seen: Matchmaking for Chucky Jr.
From the military, Griffin had received skimpy incident reports and the results of an autopsy. The only way he could fully tell his son's story would be to travel to Iraq and spend time with Skip's unit.
Two-time winner and former Xfactor Judge Cheryl takes second place, followed by Rihanna and glamour model Rosie Jones.
And a plastic button for an eye,
I would like to think that in 14,325 days, 20,628,000 minutes, or 39 years, people or places would shift and change and that my impression of them at some time in the past would be subject to improvement.
But it’s the combination of all four categories that suggests another purpose to the junta’s crackdown this week, and I suspect I know what that purpose was.
so yeah, you can use ALL the colors... or just some of them; you can go with butterflies and flowers... or not; you can interpret this one ANY way you'd like! awesome, no? here's my card, and YES, it really is *MY* card, i didn't accidentally get it mixed up with someone else's, lol:
Indeed, our new VIP Services program provides everything a traditional publisher can offer. We launched the program to help authors gain more control over their own publishing process and recruited an experienced team of professionals with traditional and bestseller experience to lead the way. We’re extremely honored that Mr. Wideman decided to use Lulu for Briefs and that our VIP Services are part of his journey.
improve both his completion percentage as well as learn to make better decisions with the ball and cut down on the number of
**** IF YOU ARE A PERSON UNDER THE AGE OF 18 OR 21 OR 35, READ THIS!!! ****
However, the staffing ratios that concerned me will still be low.
April 13 - Hunter Bryce, porn actress, 30
I hope you reading this with as much love and graditude that is in my heart, as it is over flowing ! :) - Any ding dings in you heart? Love Letter Nation would LOVE to hear from you (FB- LLN today!) ! That's our food :)
don’t change the market for food
Current Weight: 179
So it is soley up to you which thought you let prevail and win the battle, positive empowering thoughts – or negative degrading thoughts.
A doctor did permanent damage to my kidneys because she didn’t monitor the medicine she was prescribing. After the fact, I talked to her three times to try to get her to face what she’d done to me and was continuing to do to others. She wouldn’t accept responsibility. Then she died—unexpectedly, home alone, on my birthday. With 365 days to choose from, why’d she die on my birthday? I do not believe for one instant that she died because of what she did to me. Maybe, according to the master’s plan, she had to die to stop her from hurting somebody else, or maybe her account had been balanced and the debit level was too high to support continued life—I don’t know. But I gotta believe that the timing of her death was God’s message to me that he’s got my back.
To start your Sunday with a sizzle, Mlle Ella suggests "Tu veux ou tu veux pas" by the ultimate French coquette, Brigitte Bardot.
-Check Hot Spots (my desk, kitchen counters)
My back to the wall, still not making eye contact, I slid down to the floor next to the door. There wasn't much room to sit or play anywhere else. There were no toys. Just babies.
Her sisters were there for her; if they had not been come so quickly when they got the news, I could not have done everything that I did to prepare for my father's services, and I am very grateful for everything they did for my mother while they were here in central Florida.
35. I will go ages without eating eggs and then all of the sudden, I have to have them for a couple days in a row.
Admitting nothing, he just calmly inquired: “Now what are you going to do with it?”
09. Awake
Diarrhoeal diseases caused by poor sanitation and unsafe water kill more children than AIDS, malaria and measles combined. In Africa, diarrhoea is now the biggest killer of children under five. Some 2.6 billion people across the globe live with no access to a safe clean toilet.
I disagree with Rapp on only one issue: her use of the word "choice" to describe what she later, in her last paragraph, terms a "decision." "Choice" implies an American fantasy of free will that virtually no one in this country actually has--it describes the fantasy that happy endings exist and may simply be selected from among other options.
5. Legend Of A Mind
The older I get, the more I miss you. There must be something about better understanding the struggles and the hard times of life ~ and wishing that I had paid more attention and spent more time on my knees then than I did. But here we are. The journey for me continues, and I know that my tears will continue to flow from time to time … until they will be dried by Jesus Himself as I am met by you at that great Gate … Someday.
Betsey Johnson tea party dresses. They come in like...every color imaginable. I know some of you might think "Oh God, lace monster!" but in Himegyaru, which has practically proven itself to be the tackiest fashion in the Shibuya region, something like this is a "must have".
8/7 – Blow off tube still full this morning, bucket is filling up with yeast. Temp is holding at 75˚
But if we fear God, he motivates us, and the effect of his motivation will be that we obey him more. As a result we take our sin more seriously, loving the cross more and wanting to sin less.
There were a lot of people picnicing on the bridge and sipping wine.. or drinking champagne.. only in Paris, right? I noticed the bridge was jammed packed full of locks. I asked, "Why are there all these locks here?" I was told that if you are in love you place a lock on the bridge your love will never be broken. :) The hubs and I were not able to find a lock but when one of our good friends recently got married and we heard they were honey mooning in Paris. We knew that we had to get them a lock.
The only problem is that while many people are buying the right hair care products for their hair, they forget to follow basic hair care regimens that will guarantee the health and beauty of their tresses. Additionally, many are also causing needless damage to their hair by participating in unhealthy hair care behavior.
Be sure to tune in next week for numbers 1 & 2 in my list of Top 4 Displays of Klutziness.
½ cup of almonds and ½ cup of raisins
have you in 1961 - Selma had no effect on your birth, as Selma was in 1965.
I don't allow myself BREAKS from my food plan. I stay with it, no matter the reason OR the season. Birthdays, holidays, events, celebrations,...or whatever...NO MATTER. FOOD IS FUEL and nothing more! I really don't even desire 'special' foods on these days, but truly desire the solid stable routines I've established. Unfortunately I have ppl in my life that without FOOD celebrations would and do feel LACKING...they don't feel the GREAT way I do b/c they consistently change from no or little sugars to gobs of sugars and so their metabolism is constantly under attack...not so for me...after deciding over 9 mos ago to give up the toxins of over processed sugars or fast metabolizing sugars and starches, I FEEL GREAT! Albeit that right now it's way way to early in the morning for breakfast and b/c I'm awake, my 'guts are growly!' LOL...oh boy, better wrap this up and drift back off to a more acceptable time near my routine. Falling asleep in my recliner has its challenges too.
I really enjoy meeting folk at craft fairs, I'm not shy and love chatting away at my craft stand or online for that matter. But put me in front of a camera and I freeze!
But I have to admit that eReader technology has really resonated with my passion for reading. You may have guessed this from my earlier posts considering the benefits and challenges of eReaders. Today, eReading can be done from all kinds of devices, including mobile phones, iPods and the oh-so-popular tablet category. But once upon a time, eReaders were a category all on their own. Traditional eReaders like the Amazon Kindle, Sony eReader or the Kobo were initially created just to read books. They worked (and many still do) with eInk technology –more like those PDAs your dad was so fond of in the early 2000s. While tablets like the iPad and the BlackBerry Playbook have LCD screens and have all kinds of fun apps and browsing capabilities, eReaders are still very limited in their features. The Amazon Kindle now has browsing (though I’m kind of scared to imagine browsing on an eInk screen) and the Canadian-made Kobo now has a Touch edition (in the image above). However, apps and video are out of the question on an eInk screen. There is one major reason: eInk only seems to work in black and white and is nowhere close to the fine detail of HD. Not to mention the fact that as you “turn a page”, the transition is not always smooth- you may see the fading letters of the previous page for a few seconds.
And in your haste, not see his sorrow?
The SECOND thing the angel said to her was that Elizabeth, the one who was considered barren, was 6 months pregnant!
(Happy Birthday)
the fragile edge of danger!
I have not a single picture.
OG=1.050@67F
he helps me into bed, my cousin calls me and I burst into tears, telling me to get into the hospital.
I do running on Saturdays and Sundays to make up for it. On Saturdays, I go to U.P. oval to go running with my friends, PJAM.
During the afternoon, the workers would set up the areas for dinners on the beach.
“I say we go forward then, and get something done,” answered Arik with a firm clout of his hand on the top of his axe hilt.
other Cantabridgians.
Me, "Nope. All the same."
How many of us bother to just say hello?! or even smile at someone we know when we pass by them on the corridor at work?! When all it takes is even a virtual poke or a text message, there seems to be hardly any effort to keep in touch. If someone calls out of the blue, the thought that crosses one’s mind is …ok so what does that person want?! Get to the point already!!!
On the last day of our leaders meeting for the year, my fears were realized. We receive a magazine with recommended books to read during the break. On the list was a book by Dallas Willard, a known contemplative/emergent. Also a verse was given from the apostate translation of the Bible, “The Message.”
11. Where did the duck come from?
- Students should use the first four days of the week to complete this assignment leaving their weekends free. I have stressed the importance of doing this work Monday through Thursday to establish a regular discipline that will carry them throughout the year. The weekend should be used to simply edit and manage the work already done. (That is if we lived in a perfect world)
my star-soul winking here and there,
In a large bowl, combine the cucumbers, water, vinegar, chopped dill, sugar, garlic, salt, pickling spice, dill seed, and red pepper flakes. Stir, and let stand at room temperature for 2 hours, until the sugar and salt dissolve.
This is a moderated blog. That means before anything is published I have to review it and approve it. I’ve recently had to reject a number of responses to posts. I haven’t rejected them because I’m unwilling to accept diverse viewpoints. I have rejected them because they were rude and insulting without adding anything of value to the discussion.
Today it was a steak knife.
I don't want to have to rely on anyone to start coping with all this and changing my ways but I must have faith in people more. I ALWAYS fear the worst and worst ALWAYS does not happen. There is a lesson there.
In Europe, with a mature network of electrified regional and inter-city trains and hourly service at a minimum, a cyclist can select their distance for any day, look at the network of villages, towns, and cities served, and pick a destination to cycle there. The return can be by train using bike-friendly train cars. In fact, one can decide to take a train for an hour or two, then continue on by cycling . For us, being in Europe meant that we could cycle the 100 km from Freiburg, Germany to Basel in Switzerland and then take a train back. No doubling back on the route which we tend do back in Vancouver, when we cycle out to the Golden Ears Bridge –a 100 km. round trip cycle for us.
All a result of the fact that I was in pain, and it was a stressful week.
Shoes: Open-toe slingback wedges from CLARKS
Belly button:Belly button of your newborn baby will take time in healing, no need to worry about that.
If you are visiting The Shabby Nest for the first time from Studio 5...WELCOME! I hope you enjoy your visit. You can find out all about my blog by clicking the "About Me" button on the menu bar. It will help you find all the best stuff my blog has to offer. :-)
Writers Terry Rossio and Ted Elliot turn in another pretty OK script that’s commendably less frenetic, complicated and CGI-driven than the last one, but you’ve pretty much seen it all before and this exists purely to keep the franchise current with all its associated theme park rides and merchandise (coming soon to Wii Fit: Pilates of the Caribbean!!!). 7/10
3. All government business will be conducted in our language.
I think today’s post is reflective of rock bottom. I remember it all too well. I was on a ski trip in Whistler, BC. The conditions were amazing and it was a bluebird weekend. I had skied Saturday and tried to ski Sunday. I was done by noon and sat in the lodge for the afternoon. When my fiancé came to get me, I barely made it down the stairs in the lodge and was terrified of skiing down the hill. I had been an alpine ski coach for 14 years and, never in that time did I ever feel like my body could not handle two days of skiing in a row or more. Yet, here I was struggling to turn and, more importantly, struggling to stop. My legs had no strength or power left in them. They hurt and my muscles burned. It was the worst feeling and I had no way of escaping it, but making it to the bottom.
I have often pondered the daily verse and committed it to memory many years ago. It will surely be quoted in many prayer services today. It is initially expressed as a condition and promise to Solomon during a time of great personal and national consecration as the temple is being dedicated approximately 3,000 years ago. I believe there is an element to this promise that is unique to Israel as a nation, who as a national people were called by God’s Name.
In 1954 a long-time Oxford Don named Clive Staples Lewis took up a new position as the Chair of Medieval and Renaissance Literature at Cambridge University. In his first lecture in his new position Lewis told his listeners that in one important sense he was utterly unqualified to give that lecture or to hold that position. But, Lewis continued, in another sense – and a far more important one – he was eminently qualified for the task. Indeed, there wasn’t anyone more qualified.
“Obamacare may sound like a good deal to someone who currently isn’t covered under any health insurance in the US. But in terms of an overall improvement in outcome vs. expenditure, it could prove to be one of the single most disastrous decisions ever made on behalf of Americans. In this case, the admonition that you should be careful what you wish for because you just might get it, is a warning that can’t be made strongly enough.”
RAFAEL DINGLASAN, Judge of First Instance of Manila, and JOSE P. BENGZON, Fiscal of City of Manila,respondents.
At any given time, you could find a stack of books on my bedside table that include a few professional reads, something Jodi Picoult-esque, an embarrassing amount of chic lit, a humor novel, a memoir, the latest People magazine, back issues of Cooking Light and the newest edition of The Reading Teacher. (Okay, you can also find four or five half empty or totally empty water glasses. It's a phenomenon. They follow me and then can't seem to find their way to the dishwasher. Whatevs. At least I'm hydrated, right?)
Kensington is also reprinting my vampire trilogy that I wrote under the name Debbie Raleigh. The Immortal Rogues, starting with MY LORD VAMPIRE (Feb. 28th) are regency historicals that are set in the early 1800s London England. They’re ‘sweeter’ than my current series (less sex and violence :-) ) but I do have a character in my current series that makes an appearance in my earlier books. It’s soooo much fun to write about immortals!
My dabbling in online dating continues to be interesting, often funny. I’m going into this to expand my social life and meet good men who might become friends, or provide an hour of interesting conversation, or stimulate me to pursue a deeper relationship – or just remind me why I enjoy my single life. I’m not earnestly seeking a soul mate or looking to get married.
“I think so, but I’m not finished yet. I won’t really know until I get more of it done. I’m a little worried about the shelf here though,” I said, running my fingers over the work surface of the cabinet. It had suffered the most damage from years of being used as a cutting board or chopping block. “It has some places that are really gouged out.”
Grease a 1.5 liter terrine or loaf tin, then line with plastic wrap leaving enough overhanging to cover the ice cream, place in the freezer to chill.
There is a fever found in fortune favoured, of an eye looking inward, exploring landscapes of endless insight; at once both myopic for the immediate, yet open to the eternal; discovered, unearthed in a deluge of dreams, this is the place visited in somnolence.
Aiba Masaki to unite with a crime solving cat for new drama on NTV KARA’s Gyuri assures fans she’s OK after vocal cord surgery Man responsible for spreading fake nude photos of Girls’ Generation caught AKB48’s Maeda Atsuko to release new photobook, “Bukiyou” Sashihara Rino to Release Solo Debut Single on 2nd May Arakawa Under the Bridge Manga Resumes in April YUI’s Emotional Performances Release Announced on DVD
A life forced to walk a path that’s wrong.
Heart Disease
Dressed in police uniforms, they entered the man's home and when he asked them for further identification, they pointed firearms at him and held him up.
People (kids included) also have a life outside of learning (school or homeschool) and extracurricular activities.
When the music ends I think to change the station,
I feel the beating of its heart
Overall, I liked the movie: it's hard for me to find fault with something so pretty, and most of it felt genuine. However, I can't shake the sitcom-y aura that pervaded some of the scenes. That, combined with the above faults, made me wonder if this movie would have ever been greenlit without the girl-meets-girl storyline. Interestingly enough, I read on IMDb that the script was originally written as a heterosexual love story. Yeah, that doesn't surprise me at all.
Do you trust Me?
Edmund Burke offered a definition of a nation which involves a shared identity, history, ancestry, and continuity:-
I want to talk through this experience. I want to talk about what it was like to grow up adopted and how it has affected me, my personality and my parenting style. I want to tell someone all about this journey I’m on to find out about my birth family.
let yourself fall in love,
Naida shrugged. “It doesn’t matter to me I suppose. But remember what I said, it’s in your best interest to know this stuff. You shouldn’t go around and say crazy things. I’m not about to stamp you a bad person for being crazy, or I’d be as bad as the soldiers.”
When holidays or special occasions roll around, finding the perfect dress or outfit is always a high priority for me. For Christmas, Easter, Weddings - there are a lot of options out there as to where to shop. I always struggle with wanting high quality for a low cost.
I'm still in my comfortable jammies!
Perhaps Hodgson’s approach might suit England? If we are lucky enough to qualify for the knock stages of the Euros it might suit us, plenty of 0-0 and then penalties- ok, given England’s record in this area, perhaps not. One thing Hodgson is going to have to change is his rather “chippy” attitude when it comes to criticism. Anyone remember his comments about the Anfield crowd and even after he left he was bit sensitive when contemplating his return with West Brom.
Whiles holding fast his guid blue bonnet,
* telomere = a bit of spare chromosome at the end each chromosome. It doesn't code for anything useful, but each time a cell divides and the chromosomes reproduce, a bit is lost from the end of the chromosome. For most of our lives, it's a bit of useless telomere that's lost, but eventually the telomere is all gone and the useful part of the chromosome starts to be eroded. That's why old people go wrong easily - their chromosomes are getting cut off.
Ok, so basically the characters, who were stopping over at a small wild-elf enclave, more homestead really. Well, instead of pushing them onto the next leg of the journey, I had them get caught in the middle of a battle between 30 skeletons and an evolved wight riding upon a nightmare vs. an injured juvenile black dragon.
Deployment of the British Army
Setlist from setlist.fm
I am scared of moving on however as again it will be a new job after two years (the time I have been in my present role). And again I’ll have to explain to friends and family why I am moving again, and think up some reason to tell companies I interview at as to why I am looking for a new job.
93. You’ve Got Mail (Tom Hanks) – Another Meg Ryan. She’s adorable.
I had a lovely dinner in the evening, with most of my friends. We ate at a place called My Bar My Grill. I had calamari!! I love Calamari, tubes, grilled and with butterlemon sauce. And chips. It was just divine. And so much cheaper than I could ever dream of it being in Norway. But that's just how it is when you come from Norway. All of a sudden you can afford things, like a bottle of wine with your food.
Enough from me. But what would a Robert Frost’s Banjo Monday post be without a little music? I think this great Gillian Welch song may be appropriate to the mood.
During one of his teaching sessions he decided to do an experiment with his students. He split the young undergraduates into four separate groups around the room — four distinct sections of guys and girls. Half of the groups were told to describe what they looked for in a ‘good date’ while the other half wrote down the attributes they looked for in a ‘Mate’ (the person they wanted to marry).
Thanks for following and go sign up and take a look!
Castin' out a line
I chose the latter more in hope than expectation, as I felt that building or security considerations on the Olympic Park might mean the Greenway would be closed.
The great thing about the eBook format is that you don't have to print the whole thing out - you can print out one or two pages or none at all. Personally, I printed the whole thing out and put it in a three-ring binder, with special holes punched in it so that it fits into my work notebook/organizer. This way, I can take a few pages with me when I need to come up with my blogging calendars and topics and refer to them if I need something to make it fresh!
Cravings: Nothing specific... just trying super hard to eat healthy..I need to eat a bit more veggies and less carbs! Been doing great with protein...
Officiant
A graduate of American Institute of Holistic Theology with a Bachelor of Science in Metaphysics, Yvonne Perry is a metaphysical teacher, coach, host of We Are one in Spirit Podcast. She is the author of Whose Stuff Is This? Finding Freedom from the Thoughts, Feelings, and Energy of Those around You, which is designed to help highly-sensitive people manage emotional energy, and More Than Meets the Eye ~ True Stories about Death, Dying, and Afterlife, a book that sheds light on various topics regarding death, the dying process, and spirit visitations from the Other Side.
But I had to behave. I’m trying to lose weight after all.
Yesterday or the day before when I finally found the Goddess, I saw that they had posted a new challenge and this will work, so I am submitting in the "Delicous Doodles Challenge". Okay, I have to admit sometimes I can be very dense, I was on the Delicious Doodles site looking at all the fab entries for this challenge and someone said they were not sure if they got it right, I thought maybe I should go back and reread the rules, w e l l, I now have it, lol, I used Dies (Spellbinder's Oval), Delicious Doodles Image and glitter. I added some wonderful diamond stickles to the feathers. Now I am done. Stay safe and have a very happy weekend. Hugs
On that sobering note, the photo session went considerably longer as we contemplated the diminishing presence of Green newborns in tomorrow's world. It also provided Wanda with a chance to dig out every last morsel of poop in her diaper, and create a shit diorama of staggering scope and energy.
Replace the number in the “Value data” box with the highest number you saw in step #6. Click OK.
“Sssh, JP,” she soothed, “In the face of an obstacle which is impossible to overcome, stubbornness is stupid.”
Sometimes, when my kids are getting on my very last nerve, I think about this woman. Because I often say to myself and others, “If this mothering thing were any harder, I couldn’t do it.” I mean it, too, when I say it.
In verse 21, Christ again says, ‘Peace be with you’ — the same benediction that Gideon received in his own commission from God (Judges 6:22-23). Our Lord then tells them they must now go and preach The Word. They have experienced His life, watched Him die and now they have seen Him risen. They must now tell the world, take His peace to the people in His name and under His authority. A commission from Jesus Christ has the same authority as one from God the Father. And the disciples are to begin immediately. Christ breathes upon them (verse 22), and they are filled with the Holy Spirit. By doing this, Christ is conferring upon them full ability and grace to carry out His work. They would have realised that no one before had ever been able to bestow the gift of the Holy Spirit, even Moses. But, because the Holy Spirit is Christ’s own gift, He is able to give it to the disciples directly. Today’s believers in Christ are also to receive and use His gift of the Holy Spirit. This is why Confirmation is so important.
Laptop Where the cat sleeps
Princess Clara, one Friday during errands. Eating lunch at the carwash
Yet I am here a chosen sample,
It's annoying to have all this wrong information in a popular newspaper. It was a lost opportunity to have some right information in a popular newspaper. Good teachers despair as they try to induce people to stop posing and pulling ridiculous faces, or unlearn horrible kicks. It makes them cry if a small class gets overwhelmed with posers who will never connect with their partner, because they only want an audience.
The only thing I have to say in closing is this….
Have you read the Post’s profile of the legendary Alex Trebek? It’s pretty darn interesting, and it will leave you prepared to answer the clue, “Trebek used to have two dogs, but one was attacked and dragged off by this wild animal.”
I realize it's been a long time since I posted anything. I've had writer's block something fierce. In the meantime, just to give you an idea of what I've been up to, this is a list of the films I've watched in 2010, as part of my New Year's Resolution to watch all the films I've bought (some were gifts, promotional materials from work, or whatever) but never watched. I started out with 465 films in my to-watch pile. As of February 2nd, I've added 9 more. This basically means that as of this posting, I've watched 107 films from a total of 474 that I need to watch, leaving me with 367 still to watch this year, plus whatever I buy to add to that. (Which probably won't be very many as it stands right now because I lose my job next month.)
The process of additional feedback is now pretty much complete. I've had three other detailed responses to the book, and a few bits and bobs from a couple of other people. All three have been less positive. My mother sent me a long email explaining how a couple of scenes were 'terrible' (her exact word - never let anyone tell you you can never trust your parents to be critical!), and listing several other problems, though when pressed she admitted she'd enjoyed the book as a whole. I took on board all but one of mum's criticisms, because all the novels that have been big influences on Heaven Can Wait have been books I've borrowed from her - she knows the genre very well.
There was sunlight on the blankets, and on the wall behind me. It was bright enough that I knew I wouldn't be able to go back to sleep. That realization brought me another small step closer to wakefulness, but it was so nice to just lay and drift until I was actually ready to move.
We no longer get paychecks. We can check, but don't, our direct deposits online.
Surprisingly, the Urgent Care I went to was also a Pediatric Clinic, so there were lots of little ones when I arrived this morning. I was sitting in my chair, filling out the barrage of paperwork, when a nine year old boy came in with his father. You could tell the boy was not feeling well, as he was curled up in his chair, leaning on his dad. A girl, who looked about seven years old sat a few rows away watching him. Within about five minutes of him arriving, this little girl walked over with her blanket that she had around herself and asked the boy, “Would you like my cover?” She was there to be examined as well, but saw the state of this boy and offered up her comfort to him. It was so beautiful to watch as he accepted her offer and managed to crack a small smile in the process.
Her previous books were cute, strange but had a lightness to them. In this she is going into a darkerside and I am not sure that I am a fan.
counting it an honor if they were made a spectacle to the world, to angels and men;
“Consider, for example, the infamous and amazingly still extant Hotel St. George. It hardly ever seemed to stop burning…”
Please feel free to join with any one of them or get great ideas from them. Please let the wold know all that you are doing to help stop genocide. When you write it down and share it with others online by video or in person you inspire others to take similar actions.
See, a whole list of hazy craziness. We guess you might like to see some matching hazy crazy pictures? Consider that added to the list.
suggested sultry substantiated swoons
"This offence too gives a court the power to sentence copper thieves and unscrupulous scrap dealers to imprisonment for a period of 10 years.
05.Wake up and Live
Add in the fact that it was a GOOD day for the show (sponsors and fundraising!), and I’m just tickled with how the process is going. We’re about half way through the rehearsal process and I know that my work load is just going to get heavier in the next month and a half, but with this group? I’m looking forward to it.
This, of course, is antithetical to not just the constitution, but very much to the spirit in which the founders wrote the constitution: the President, acting as commander in cheif, was structurally prevented from falling under the sway of any war’s rush—Congress was given the power to declare war because it was a messy institution with divergent voices, because war is too massive a decision to put it in one—any one—person’s hands. Post-Vietnam, Congress moved to present future presidents from being so able to pursure military actions (given how de-fanged Congress’d been made by that fiasco), yet as of Reagan, such Congressional strictures were getting mercilessly end-runned.
There have also been a few side projects, that were not quite fully-fledged army projects. This includes:
Dr. Ichards
Among other things, the act requires all dealers in second-hand goods to report to the police all suspicious transactions where the seller attempts to provide false particulars, or where the goods are suspected to be stolen or tampered with.
25 “I will repay you for the years the locusts have eaten—
Here is one coat of chalkboard paint which I used a small foam roller to apply and my super nice Purdy brush for the trim. I used the Rust-Oleum Chalkboard Paint that I picked up at our Home Depot store (here's what it looks like on Amazon at a more expensive price than HD's $10).
I sat beside them, but they never greeted or even looked at me. ‘Do they even realize that I’m here?’ I wanted cry, but I should hold it in. ‘Be strong Junsu…’
Rice shortage puts our country into danger zone. Extreme rice shortage encourages hoarding and smuggling. It results to more hungry and angry people. The revolution of the hungry is more threatening.
The prep for this took maybe 10 minutes and with the baking for 20, it is a 30 minute meal! Soooo good too. My mom and my boyfriend had some and they loved it, too.
Oh, how I crave a corned beef sandwich from a real, authentic deli... I would do anything for a mile high stacked Reuben, all seasoned bagels with cream cheese, a complete lox plate, big kosher dill crunchy pickles, smiley face or black and white cookie yummm. My jew gene has definitely been in full force, and although BA does have a lot of Jews, they are lacking on the deli scene.
Last August I found myself in a fantastic place.
Okay, and you know what else February is bringing? A LOAD of fun, of course . . . with Lain. Last October, when I participated in the Layout a Day challenge, everyone decided that we wanted Lain to host another one as soon as we had a chance for all the holiday hubbub to die down and get some normalcy back into our lives. Enter: February LOAD!! February's almost here, so go quickly and enter. She's promising some tips on how to scrap faster, and prizes too!! Go scroll down on her blog (linked at the top of the paragraph) to find the Q&A on the rules and I hope to see you there!
Me: Because they come with a stick.
#56- Maple Leaf
Yes, the living expenses in Singapore is rather high, and is going up even higher thanks to inflation. Essentially to survive, we have no choice but to earn more money. Of course, sometimes people tend to go overboard with being materialistic and stuff even if they can’t afford it.
Then comes "Quizer" 6143..on MME "dilly dally" pad...
Yes, there were quite a few things I really liked such as, when Bod leaves the graveyard and when Scarlett and Bod go though the trouble of the sleer. The reason I enjoyed these bits was because of the description ;it really helped me paint a picture in my head.
Do you have a backup for your personal belongings? Not that you need duplicates of all the items but do you have a journal listing of all the items with a description and their approximate values? That record becomes the backup that supports the claim for your insurance.
*Have a cook out...marshmallows and hotdogs (or tin foil dinners) with a real fire!
I know, you've been wondering if I drowned in a pile of UFOs or scraps in my sewing room. Nah, life has just been busy (I know you can relate). Although, the state that my sewing room is in...I could have easily have fallen down and never been found again. That is a project for another day. Sometimes, when life gets like this....it does cross my mind to maybe stop blogging. But, then I think about all my kind friends who always seem to be there when I get back at it. I really do enjoy it. And then I get a sweet comment like this...."I adore these darling bags. I guess I'm afraid of zippers, but you've inspired me to take the plunge and try one. Love your blog, visit daily." from a blogger, Dianne, who I have never heard from before...and that just makes my day. I always see all the "hits" my blog gets and I always wonder who is stopping by for a visit. I love hearing from you! I also have been in "lurker" mode lately myself, so I get it. Sometimes you just want to see what is going on. I often have people leave me nice comments, but in their blogger profile, they have it set up on No Reply....so I cannot answer your question or just say hi myself or if I am having a giveaway, I can't contact the winner. Just something to keep in mind.
“He was still in possession of the firearm, ammunition and money.”
–Francis DeBernardo, New Ways Ministry
Light suit, white hair, smart glasses...fit......younger than I remember him looking the last time I saw him.... WOW.
I am not giving up nor am I not fighting for all the time that I can with my family and friends, but the reality is that I have to view my time here on earth in a different way than I have in the past. I will hope that a miracle just might happen to fall my way, but they are rare and unfortunately highly sought after.
Mumocracy: The System my which my family is run. All decisions and choices regarding the family are made by the female parental figure, thus Mumocracy.
Now that stopped me in my tracks---I had refused my parents pleas to go to University because I wanted money and here I was being offered the only cadetship in Australia and being paid a full wage to go to University.
Well see you soon~!
-We like to mix them with dried fruit(any kind) and sometimes throw in chocolate chips for a easy trail mix--whether at home or when we head for the hills.
The After Shot:
So there you have it, my top ten all time favorite DIY projects of 2011. Here's hoping I have some good ones for next year as well. If I have Pinterest to inspire me it should be a good year.
Douglas Adams's Dirk Gently books are a showcase for the author's extraordinary gift for invention. The first book, Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency, featured a time-travelling Cambridge Don (who, as many of you know I'm sure, was a recycled character from Douglas's aborted Doctor Who story Shada), an electric monk that believes things for you, a ghost desperately trying to get a message to his sister, an alien spaceship at the dawn of time that is responsible for kick-starting life on Earth, an impossible sofa and a very funny horse. We also get to see the effects on the history of poetry when Dirk becomes Samuel Taylor Coleridge's 'Man from Porlock'. It's a work of genius. The second book, The Long Dark Teatime of the Soul, had Norse gods destroying airports, jet fighters turning into eagles and giant green-eyed, scythe weilding monsters rampaging about killing music executives. Even Adams's unfinished The Salmon of Doubt - which may or may not have been a new Dirk Gently novel - has the main character(s) travelling (in Douglas's words) '... through the nasal membranes of a rhinoceros, to a distant future dominated by estate agents and heavily armed kangaroos.'
Only two plants produce the sucrose that humans crave so much: sugar cane and sugar beets. I started thinking about sugar again when my family and I recently went to the small beautiful island of St. John in the U.S. Virgin Islands for my son’s wedding. (There seems to be a wedding theme here.) The island is now mostly a U.S. national park, but you can see the ruins of some of the sugar cane plantations that covered the island after Europeans first settled the island in 1718 and started farming. The Europeans used African and Indian slaves to work the plantations. Raising sugar cane and processing the cane into refined sugar was and still is hard work.
I thought the main characters were good. Lily was quirky and different. It was really nice to have a main character that didn’t worry about what she looked like or what she should be doing. She was different and a true individual and I loved that. What I also loved is that for a majority of the book Lily is really smart where Calder is concerned, he gets a bit stalkerish and she seriously backs away from him because of it. (like normal people would do.)
I recall the joy of forcing open the earth,
until that day comes, talk about `objectivity’ is probably best left
but here is a little bit of sewing which has taken me a little while to get around to finishing...
I’m famous!! Well, not really. Last week my blog was featured on Freshly Pressed and since then I’ve had many thousand views, hundreds of comments and some lovely new followers. thank you all for your kind comments, and a big hello to any new readers. I was particularly pleased with the busy week on my blog as it’s been a horrible week here in Dublin and I’ve been mostly unable to get out to the plot. The weather has been horrendous, stormy, cold and depressing, more like winter than late spring.
"My pants are coming down!"
I don't know that this has any bearing on policy unless the next congress is overwhelmingly liberal and passes a federal gay marriage bill. Certainly, the president cannot unilaterally legalize gay marriage and our system does allow states to make their laws. But it's not all that different from someone saying in 1963 that it's their personal belief that it should be legal for people of different races to marry but they support the concept of states deciding the issue on their own. "States' rights" has always been used as a shield for bigotry.
In reality, the chain of Armenian massacre began in its modern instance in 1878 after the Berlin Conference. It escalated in 1894-96, and occurred again in 1909 (The Burning Tigris, A History of the Armenian Genocide, Pg 156).
So we need to spiff things back up! But a little elbow grease into those dusty areas. Spruce it up a notch or two. Maybe put in a nice potted plant to balance the room. Feng Shui if you will. How about a bonsai tree?
~Since the ad will be placed on my homepage, keep in mind the retro style of the blog and try to design your ad accordingly. Simple and sweet.
“I think about color all the time, do you?...do you want to do a project around color?” ---Responding with a 'YES!' to that email from Lynne Perrella was the domino that started a chain reaction of good fortune and involvement with a fabulous group of artists that has lasted a decade or more.
The plumes are depleting the oxygen dissolved in the gulf, worrying scientists, who fear that the oxygen level could eventually fall so low as to kill off much of the sea life near the plumes. (NYT)
Cow was inked and then colored over
Cooking: I replace all the commercial oils in recipes with either olive oil, butter or coconut oil. Coconut oil is cheaper, so I'm going to use it more often. Also, we definitely use it whenever we fry anything (ex. making french fries, or fried chicken pieces) in our Dutch oven. One of my favorite things is that there will not be a lingering fried food smell in our home!
Jen is a Twitter friend of mine, and she sent me the e-version of her book for review. It’s about running, but it’s also about faith, family, a mischievous dog, and coming to grips with the baggage you’ve dragged around for years. Jen is hilarious and so real, and I thoroughly enjoyed reading her story. (And have added her to the long list of online friends I’d love to meet in real life.)
First I washed all the panels in hot water. I had to do this in two batches of 6 panels. Then I dried them for just about 10-15 minutes, and then laid them all flat to decrease the wrinkles.
“God forbid if they ever hear of the revolution – they fight it, wherever it may be.
Tee lets her in, and she just plops her ass right on the sofa. MJ and I both have our laptops open, working (which is, you know, how we keep the lights on and shit, but who gives a fuck, right?) but she doesn't even ask if we're working because nothing short of me actually throwing her out the door was going to get her to move. She chats for a few minutes, asks me about my foot, and then says she just wanted to "put it in our ear" that there were bedbugs and lice in the building. She skirted my questions about who in the building had them, but I'm pretty sure that the bedbugs are in the unit where her "friend" lives, and that the lice are on her grandchildren. I came to that conclusion, because the only person she annoys besides us is that one "friend", and she seems to think that "black children can't get lice".....I'm not too sure about that, but those children are mixed, and I don't know if that makes a difference, but they're the only children in the building either way, so this leads me to believe they are the ones with bedbugs, if they aren't the ones with lice. Patty made comments about going home to wash her hair with lice shampoo, and I asked her "Do YOU have lice Patty?" She seemed kind of upset about that and said no, she didn't. And then got up to leave, after not saying anything for a few minutes.Who the fuck thinks they have lice and then goes into someone else's house and sits on their furniture? I was at a loss for fucking words. She was just going to treat her hair "just in case". Uh huh, right. What the fuck ever.
Hope to be back again soon,I've had a couple of days out this last week and it's surprising how it throws everything else out of sync.
MT: If you could pick any, which TV show would you love to be on?
I’ve been working on a script for a school drama festival, despite my complete lack of experience in that area of writing. My English teacher of last year (not my mother), roped me in to this drama festival as playwright – even after I informed her that I was poorly equipped for such a task. Four script-writing workshops later, I have a workable piece of writing. But it wasn’t without blood, sweat and tears. Here are some valuable lessons I’ve learnt in my script-writing endeavours.
The library also replicates Vonnegut's office, complete with checkerboard carpet, red rooster lamp and blue Coronamatic typewriter. Visitors can sit at the desk and type Kurt a note, which the library then publishes via Twitter from the name @kurtstypewriter.
To feel comfortable in various situations and with various types of people.
Ways You Can Spend the Extra Hour
I woke up on the first day of my most awaited Holy Week break with tears in eyes.
GPars ships with Groovy 1.8.6 and above. If you happen to use a different Groovy version, manually add the jar to your Grails lib directory.
Here is a book that has the numbers 1-10 appearing on each page.
After the holidays, both need attention. I need to cook up some freezer breakfasts and meals for the remaining basketball season. If I have healthier alternatives available to both my teenage son and me, we will eat better.
by a Buddhist from
I saw this combo, or something similar to it, on a TV show. Dane and I really like it. I just eyeball everything until it looks good so the measurements are just estimates.
So, with really no extra time to speak of to come up with my brilliant idea of how to put these seemingly worthless scraps to good use, they accumulate. We've had this machine for nearly 5 years. That's a lot of scrap! And I wonder if maybe my husband, in his attempt to straighten the studio up (my perpetual state of chaos) has either inadvertantly...or maybe not so inadvertantly....tossed bags of these without my knowing. If I ever find out he's done this...it's the dog house for him! (You've been warned, Chief!)
The day started out with an unexpected surprise. I was chatting online with a good friend of mine (whom I’ll call “L”) when she said she had a surprise ready for me and wanted to bring it over that day. She was pretty adamant that she bring it that day, which piqued my interest. So, about an hour or so later, she presented me with this lovely spirit box:
PPPPPLLLLLLLLLease stop by to support our local talent and keep your $$$$$ in our community.
Customer reviews and ratings of Sans Digital TowerRAID 5-Bay USB 3.0/eSATA Hardware RAID 5 Tower with 6G PCIe 2.0 Host Bus Adapter TR5UTP (Silver) are available at the merchant’s website, see it by visit the link below.
I mentioned above that I had a hard time figuratively paying the school fees in December, but at the end of the day, I cannot put a price on my daughter’s happiness.
He didn’t use the door; he seeped through the walls,
Tyzik ~ Jammin’ In Manhattan (12”) ~ Polydor ~1983
by Jamie
Jones KL, Johnson KA, Chambers CD. Offspring of women infected with varicella during pregnancy: a prospective study. Teratology 1994; 49: 29-32.
Madecasse is giving one of A Year of Jubilee Readers a 3 bar (.88 oz per bar) sampler. You will Love this chocolate and never see chocolate again in the same light!! USA only please
What Would U.S. History Look Like
Cyclists like Moyle and Hutchings cite a lack of both bike lanes and bike parking as a major component of what’s missing from Hamilton’s cycling infrastructure. Daryl Bender, project manager, alternative transportation with the City of Hamilton, says the new multi-use trail over Highway 403 (an extension of the Hamilton-Brantford Rail Trail completed in fall 2011) has an average daily usage of more than 300 cyclists and pedestrians per day.
Mercy Gallagher Teague is a performing poet from Tulsa. She was the Tulsa City-County Library’s 2006 Unpublished Poetry Prize Winner, and was published in Write Bloody Publishing’s The Good Things About America in 2008. She’s been a featured reader at Heller Theater and the Southwest Conference on Literature and Christianity. She can be found at myspace.com/mgtpoetry and youtube.com/user/mgtpoetry.
Even worse is using dialect. Too many apostrophes say that you do not know how to write dialogue. It’s better to use colloquialisms like “That dang fiddle-foot don’t rightly know what he’s talking about.” It gets the point across, and is easier to read.
We are so enjoying being back in Anápolis and in a routine. Life is good and we just LOVE where we live (have I ever mentioned that?). :) The seminary campus we live on is just so perfect for us...love love love it. I miss the states and all of you there and I always will. But I really love it here too and after years of travel and moving, I'm just feeling very...settled (ahh) at the moment. It's nice.
and the list goes on.
in Second Life?
From my past I knew what he expected and I felt I couldn’t tell him no. I was with the man again.
Rowback in today´s article regarding the arena: it is scheduled to open after 2009.
The Velvet Underground asked the judge to prevent Incase from selling and creating other products reproducing the banana design. In addition, the band requested monetary damages, besides a judicial declaration that the Foundation holds no copyright to the banana illustration.
B. Catalogue of the Contents of Pulphead
Cover Girl’s Lip Slicks Lip Gloss is just for You!
Bagged Chex Mix is a completely appropriate breakfast for on-the-go drivers. Why, with Chex cereal as the main ingredient, it's practically health food. Add a can of V8 for "a full serving of vegetables" and a chunk of beef jerky to round out your protein and there you go.
The description was brief: the machine was in excellent condition (remember that word, excellent -- it's key) and worked perfectly. Well, yesterday I received the machine (from Canada -- I know, I know...). It was not in excellent condition; in fact, it was in -- at most -- fair condition, some might even say poor.
Note that Craig calls Ehrman a “radical sceptic,” a label that Ehrman would deny but applies to mythicists like Carrier, who seem intransigent in their scepticism. Craig then goes on to dissect and (to his mind) demolish Law’s argument (you can review Law’s six premises to be skeptical about Jesus here). Recall Law’s premise 6:
My New Years motto is "Use it UP!" Instead of hoarding supplies and keeping them because they look so pretty I am now determined to use up my supplies, all of them even the really pretty and more expensive ones! I figure that if I don't use it up then I cannot justify buying more:0) Hehehe! Here I have used a veritety of ribbon and pretty flowers. I am also using my PTI cardstock and pretty papers:0) See I told you I am determined!
I had fully intended to write about the love making session last Thursday in this post, but the events of Thursday were outdone by a divinely erotic experience on Friday. So in the interest of sharing the delightful details of Friday, I will forego the description of our lovemaking. Suffice to say it was indeed very intense and passionate, which as I said a moment ago set up the events of the following day.
I hope you’re having a great week. I know a lot are enjoying spring break. I’m looking forward to the upcoming Easter weekend. Carlin’s parents will be here on Friday on their way back from Florida (they are becoming snow-birds). Then on Sunday, we will celebrate Christ’s resurrection by attending church and having brunch with my family.
Alrighty, how'd I do? I'd love to make more tutorials, so help me make them worthwhile. I welcome all feedback, especially suggestions for improvement. Thanks, Rachel
- raises awareness about corruption
In addition, many of the services that are necessary to ITER are currently powered by fossil fuels--though one must admit that ITER's location in France means it is more dependent on the power generation of conventional fission reactors than it would be elsewhere. But even those fission reactors are heavily dependent on fossil fuels for their servicing.
Let's take the key of C again as an example, looking at the illustration above, you will notice that note I on the key of C is C, note IV is F and note V is G.
However, our historical researches show that Entri was registered as a Director and 70% shareholder up until 12/10/05 at which point he handed his shares and directorship to Austin Chamitt Bugatt. Mr Bugatt is believed to be a retired civil servant in SALCRA and so his ability to buy into such a thriving construction concern is rather mystifying.
writing in my notebook
“It is only proper that a court of law determines the cause of death and matters related thereto,” he said in a statement.
The boys are still not 100% well but they seem more inclined to sit and work so it's working in my favour. :) Much better than one bouncing on the trampoline stuffing his face along with it and the other haring up and down the garden on his scooter all while I try and explain things to them.
just. one. word.
The People Serving People rooftop garden is making ripples in the system far beyond their walls and in many areas:
I saw my first pack searcher last week.
Canon: The source material.
We stopped to take a little walk along the way. We saw tons of butterflies on this trip, they were especially thick here. Somebody had spilled something sweet by the dock and there were dozens of butterflies attracted to it. By the time we were back from our little walk, most of the butterflies had gone.
That song, Silent Lucidity, really struck a nerve. The chorus is what got to me, but some of the other parts added in. I used to say, however heretically, 'Yeah though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I shall fear no evil, for I am the meanest S.O.B. in the valley'. There were always at least two things wrong with that, of course. And I never believed anyway. First, no one is that tough. And, of course, you don't get to the valley alone. Leaving alone, even if it all works out as one proposes, is a hard thing. Anyway, I decided to make some calls, just to make sure some of those people for whom I have concern and contact information were still above ground. A shadow passed over my heart, I had to check. I have a few more calls to connect. I guess I have too many whom are with me though I cannot see. Too many. Shadows. Fear.
I welcome tomorrow.
then using helmar glue.. I added the pink lace on the top and bottom, adding some
Benefits of Hiring Builders Online
I do home health. This involves traveling to individuals’ homes and asking them a bunch of questions. Amid the vital signs and instruction on various meds or treatments I have to discern how things are going neurologically – does the patient know what day it is, where the visit is being conducted, what their name is. The classic person, place, and time exam. This is done with additional more functional questions like “when was your last bowel movement?”
And before my friend be wholly hers,
“Thieves target school bus…”
Be back later (once I'm awake), hoping I'll have a picture of snackage and books.
It’s not quite “Zen” gardening because even that feels like it requires more maintenance than Stein’s garden probably needs today. But it is certainly more relaxed in its upkeep (though not in its establishment) than what my house is currently surrounded in and I am truly inspired. Unfortunately, as renters, we can only do so much; no prairie grass will grace our front lawn...but then, that wouldn’t have been what graced this valley when it was inhabited by Ohlones who embraced it’s natural resources. I can say that the snails will live in the succulents so that the birds can have something to feast on and their shells will disintegrate to enrich the soil with minerals. I also have a new respect for our compost heap.
So, since we've gotten this out of the way ;D here is what I have come up with for today's Hop. I chose a stamp from the "Paw Prints" set which you can see could absolutely also be used for a regular sympathy card check it out
At last! Not only a clue, but a date and a location! They were buried in Missouri. No wonder I wasn't having much luck finding them in Nebraska or Kansas.
Smart companies have addressed these problems by spinning off what are called "skunkworks". The original skunk works (note it's two words, not one) was an offshoot of Lockheed, and their most proud achievement (at least, that they could speak about) was the SR-71 Blackbird. A group of talented engineers went off in isolation from the rest of the company and created the fastest aircraft in the world, in record time, in the 1950s. Skunkworks as a single word is the term used for such a group set aside by any company for a similar purpose. This has been shown to be a successful technique, but note that the original company is still there, still working as an arthritic bureaucracy.
Pours a deep black, with a great deep brown head. Fair amount of roasted coffee and grain in the smell. I'm hoping it's as good as Founder's Breakfast Stout, and so far it's headed that way.
Mark, his wife, and two friends went on a fishing trip on the friend’s yacht. They had two adventures on this yacht, but I want to focus on the second one. Mark and crew learn about a local woman who tends to sick animals, and her husband, a taxidermist. Mark goes to her to interview her for his magazine, while his wife goes to the taxidermist to stuff a fish that she had caught.
MAKE IT
Once again: when white, Afrikaans students play a prank in which nobody is physically harmed, it is “racism” and it reaches the front pages of the international press.
HEY! Is the third in their 80’s trilogy of LP releases. Originally issued in 1989 on OG Records. 14 Garage/R+B inspired numbers delivered with a patented Savage Punch. Yeah... Everything You have come to expect from THE GRUESOMES!
He looks at me for awhile and then nod.
Anyway it has been retrieved now and even though some of the names were a bit soggy - Ebenezer does tend to saliva when he gets excited we were able to read the name of this week's winner.
Of the 91 cases where error was found, improper argument and improper examination were the leading types of error found by the courts, but these errors rarely resulted in the court reversing the conviction. (Of the 36 instances of improper argument, only 3 were reversed. Similarly, of 35 instances of improper examination, only 3 were reversed. Courts were more likely to reverse in cases where prosecutors failed to turn over “Brady” material (information that pointed to the defendant’s innocence), which occurred in 8 of the cases, resulting in 7of the reversals. Misconduct was found most often in murder cases (28 % of the cases) and sex crimes (24% of the cases).
You're trying to write a novel in a hurry. That means you can't afford to spend too much time sitting staring into space looking for inspiration. Whether you're an outline writer or strictly seat-of-the-pants, I'd recommend keeping at least a rough list of cool ideas that you might put in. Start noting stuff down sometime in September and keep the list to hand. Every time you find yourself staring off into space in November, the first thing you do is check the list.
It also moisturizes with Rice Extract and soothes with Aloe.
Sitting in a cafe in LA drinking iced cafe con leche. Behind me a model earnestly explaining to a friend: “They say I'm emerging. And you know, I decided I prefer that-- I'd rather be emerging than defined, wouldn't you?”
I folded the paper on the score lines and and then for the center one, I folded it in opposite directions. I cut my different papers to length and put them on wherever I wanted on the card.
5. Moonjuice 06:34
He did not participate in the least in what we call “mobility.” He died, after eighty-two years, in the same spot he was born in. He was probably in his sixties when he made the one longish trip of his life. He went with my father southward across Kentucky and into Tennessee. On their return, my father asked him what he thought of their journey. He replied: “Well, sir, I’ve looked with all the eyes I’ve got, and I wouldn’t trade the field behind my barn for every inch I’ve seen.”
‘not quite sure,’ i said.
The attention paid to these critical scenes is not all an ego thing, either. We are not doing our JOB as storytellers if we are not delivering the core experiences of our genre. Genre is a PROMISE to the audience or readers; it’s a pact.
Palmitamine – See Palmitic Acid.
In my memory, I'm always sitting at the table in the dining room, looking out on the ivy-covered wall that separates the house from a busy road. The table is covered in a red and white checked cloth that doesn't quite match the raspberry-painted walls. The ironing board stands in one corner because there's nowhere else to keep it, and just behind where I sit is the bookcase with its shelves of books arranged by the colour of their spines.
Can I go over a month without not feeling sick?
2. I liked to sing in the choir.
I am grateful that I have time for it and make time for it.
Yes, this was posted on www.abigailchristens.com a couple of days ago. However, my site is being glitchy (and not the delicious dub step kind) and all the content jumped dimensions. Until it drops back into this realm, I’m back on here for a bit.
I’m someone who believes “Knowledge is power and that power produces an understanding that education is the single most important ingredient necessary to neutralize those forces that breed poverty and despair.”
I would say in the last ten years, 98% of all my reading has been children’s and YA. I love the talented writers in this market and the depth and quality of the story telling. When I decided to start a career in publishing, I only wanted to work in children’s because this is where my market knowledge is and where my passion is.
Borrish has taught me lessons posthumously as is only proper for such a fine dog. I am going to remember Borrish in every piece that I do, so that I might progress and be productive. Remembrance of Borrish was the purpose of this piece, after all.
Housing prices for Canada's two top housing markets are insane and you have speculative Asian real estate capital to thank for that coupled with the increased demand one should expect from the highest immigrant intake numbers in the world.
From what I can tell from history, articles from the ICR thin out over the Christmas period. there may not be that many more DpSUs before the end of the year. If they’re this bad then that’s all for the good…
“I look at what happened between President Obama and President Karzai as a 1930s, Chamberlain, Hitler moment,” West told radio host Frank Gaffney. “There is not going to be peace in our time.”
Moneyball – Blu-ray Moneyball – DVD
child.
(The part of the scene that I am talking about begins at 12 minutes and 38 seconds.)
My Tete's aren't perfect.....but they were delicious and tender! The other half of the dough turned into a giant Cinnamon pull-apart roll. It didn't sit on the warming rack long before it was pulled apart and eaten!
So what does a Commander do when faced with bureaucratic idiocy at its finest? Say "Screw you, I'm in command, and I will issue my Soldiers the equipment that I deem is best."
Dec 1996 Hawaiian judge rules in favor of marriage being applied to same-sex couples
Have a great day chicks!
The whole Bible is about Jesus. I say that a lot on this blog. Probably in every post, one way or another. I say it so much so that I wonder if people get bored. Oh yeah, here comes the Jesus card again. What could be more exciting than the preeminent and all-satisfying Treasure of the universe? The challenge, then, is to be creative and fresh in pointing to Christ while still remaining biblical. We don’t want to allegorize or make an unwarranted connection. This takes hard work, but it’s possible.
Now I know many of you reading this blog are devote Christians/Jews/Muslims/followers of the old gods, so I just want to put it out there that celebrating a holiday does not make one immediately another religion. Seriously, if you’re British and in the US for the fourth of July, a hot dog off the grill isn’t going to make your UK citizenship shrivel up and die. The same is true for holidays.
The St. Louis Rams are Indianapolis Colts both together were the worst teams in the NFL last season. They tied for the worst records and therefore it was a coin flip who got the first pick (It’s not really a coin flip, but the means does not matter). The rams ended up getting the second pick. The colts went ahead and made everyone aware that they were going to take Andrew Luck. One of the highest rated players coming out of college for a long time. I think since John Elway and Peyton Manning. Andrew Luck is considered pro ready after his play at Stanford. Robert Griffin III won the Heisman and became the next elite quarterback to come out of this years draft. His college play and his combine workouts made him another player coaches with quarterback concerns were drooling over. The Rams sat back and waited for the best offer. The Rams have a young quarterback in Sam Bradford that they are happy with (so am I) and know they just need to get him some weapons and support. The Redskins stepped up and the Rams made the trade and gain the 6th pick in this years draft, 39th pick in this years draft, and first round picks for 2013 and 2014. Thus setting them up to have two first round picks in the next two seasons. The Rams went ahead and used the 39th pick but not before they re traded the 6th pick for the 14th pick and the 45th pick.That 45th pick they traded for they went ahead and traded that for the 50th pick and the 150th pick. If I haven’t lost you yet these are all good moves. The Rams moved back only several of spots, appeared to still get their man, and gained more draft picks.
Jump Higher With Explosive Vertical
According to Ethical and Religious Directives for Catholic Health Care Services (4th edition, 2001), ‘”Catholic health care institutions should not make use of human tissue obtained by direct abortions even for research and therapeutic purposes” (Directive 66).
I hope everyone had a truly fantastic weekend! I spent mine at a crop for the cure, which was very relaxing and I got to catch up a teeny bit on my scrapbooking (if such a thing exists), not to mention I didn't have to do any cooking or cleaning! Does it get any better than that?
Let’s see what pans out over here!!! This blog will be carry pages from my mind.
Do I wear leather shoes? Yes. I'm not a vegan. As I said, it's not about personal purity. I don't see the point of that sort of approach and anyway, it's about doing what I can sustain and not give up on. I am attracted to veganism though. Someone will say how it can't possibly be good for one to be a vegan. Some of the best fell runners I've ever know have been vegans, so it can't be that bad. I try moving towards it now and again, but it's hard to do and I back off. Keep it personally do-able, sustainable.
Being LIMITLESS is not just in movies. Beyond the idea of becoming invincible overnight lies a truth: each of us has a trigger that makes us limitless. The challenge is to find it and learn to control it.
There is a global war for talent going on. And the message that the National government is sending students is “Bugger Off”. So that’s what we’re going to do. After 325+ days we’ll have lost our tax residency (thanks for that post Cactus Kate) and we definitely won’t be “maintaining ties” with New Zealand.
Getting there should be another story all together. I'm pretty sure I've gone on more trips in the last two years than I did the rest of my life combined and I've brought Lil' J on all but one. Luckily this time I have my iPad, packed with games she normally has limited play time for, and I'm going to buy a couple episodes of Sesame Street and Yo Gabba Gabba. That will surely get us through the trip there and back right? (I pray).
A few odonata are finally beginning to emerge - Broad-bodied Chaser and Emerald Damselfly both made their first appearance yesterday.
While Jesus Christ was on earth, He was the perfect “Man after the heart of God”. Long before His incarnation, King David was called “a man after God’s heart”. Now, while we’re awaiting the return of the Lord Jesus, are there still amongst us people whose hearts resonate with the heart of God? And what does it mean to be heart-in-heart with God?
“The validity of the public debt of the United States, authorized by law, including debts incurred for payments of pensions and bounties for services in suppressing insurrection or rebellion,” the critical sentence says, “shall not be questioned.”
a. When the customer is known but the task is not
One good thing is that I was at my summer cabin the whole time, so a barely showered all weekend (because we are on an island surrounded by the lake). There really is no reason to shower every day while your out there, and we don’t actually have a shower on the island, so in order to shower you have to go to the mainland. So, in reality, the water that I saved not showering probably far surpassed any damage I did not having my bottle.
And it works on a radically different timeline from school, too. Just because state mandates say that fourth graders learn to long-divide, it doesn't mean there's some innate need to learn to long-divide at age 9. No one needs to long-divide until they need to long-divide. Not sooner, not later. And when one needs to know something, one typically goes about learning it.
1 cup pitted dates (not soaked)
I want to say I am inspired and uplifted by the posts I have seen. Not just the decorating parts, but the testimonies from the heart. Sometimes your life is the only sermon someone sees. I have not been a very Godly woman lately, I have had a hard time with my attitude, and I need it adjusted and fast! I told the Lord I am very sorry for my issues lately, I need help. I need to pull my gospel music out and get some praise happening! I need to tell him how thankful I am for all that he has done, and just praise him. I haven't been too diligent with this, I don't want to stand before him and say I was too busy to tell him how much he means to my life! I need my devotional time with him, without him, I will sink.
PIYO: That is correct, putar. But now he has found the time.
103 How sweet are your words to my taste;
This links to a research study I initiated last week on the restorative benefits of spending time in nature that focuses on how spending time in nature impacts psychological well-being and stress levels. Participants in my study are completing a pre-nature experience and post-nature experience survey assessing their psychological well-being. We are also collecting participant heart rate and blood pressure readings to determine how spending time in nature is associated with stress levels. If you are interested in learning more about the research study please send me a message.
below small knobs of dried, dun
So I ask you…is a 2011 maroon Impala too much to ask? See, not all the rich are ostentatious. I think Alice and I would really get along.
12.Jumpin' In The Numbers
Welcome to our camp! You can enter through the east courtyard...
Of pain may slow…
I once got a stubborn patch of ivy in our backyard to grow exactly where I wanted it to grow by trimming branches of an overhanging tree to allow sunlight into just the right area and adding an old fence post.
Clutter and disorganization, an outward manifestation of an inward condition.
I love to write a series of consecutive numbers which begin with one on the board, and have the students find the answer using their calculators while I do the math in my head. Of course, they are amazed and swear that I have memorized the answer. I then ask me to give me a series (not off the wall or so large that it would take forever to use the calculator) and again I quickly give them the answer. I then teach them that math trick.
Addie wrote a thank you card tonight and we put it in the mail, since I couldn't get the stinker to thank Hunny today. Sigh.
Get ready to embark on a journey filled with ideas and inspirations to spark your creative curiosities. This compendium is a compilation of my thoughts and ideas to guide you through your own artistic adventures. I wanted this book to be different though … not your ordinary “how to make” book, but rather “how to create”. I believe everyone is truly creative whether they think it or not. It’s all about embracing your imperfections and taking time to explore the imaginative. What you’ll discover will be wonderful, what you’ll discover will be yourself…
Hope you have a special day with whomever you're sweetie is! And even though I said I don't really "get into" this spirit of Valentine's, here's a peek at me and my forever valentine......I love you J.
On another note altogether. After my soccer game last night in Oregon City a few of us stopped in for a quick drink at the wonderful Highland Stillhouse. I had already been eagerly anticipating a draft Bellhaven Twisted Thistle so that is what I got, but the beer selection was fantastic - everything from Ninkasi's fresh hop beer to a great cask offering (which escapes me at the moment). But what really caught my eye was an extensive list of Brew Dog beers. I suspect, though I didn't ask, that these are from the bottle. And they don't come cheap: a glass of Brew Dog will set you back $12! Still, if you want to see if all the fuss is due to genius at self-promotion or to great beer, here is your chance. You can even enjoy you Brew Dog with haggis balls! Yum.
In this regard, then, the nostalgia for the non-existent Pertwee story within Timelash is almost purer and more honest than normal nostalgia. At last, we have nostalgia that’s honest about pining for a past that never existed! But this observation seems short of the mark. Nostalgia depends on the lie that it is accurate. Which is what makes Timelash’s invocation of a false past so strange. It’s not even as though Pertwee is a particularly sensible era to choose here. The only eras where stories like Timelash unfolded with any regularity were really the Hartnell era and the Graham Williams half of the T. Baker era. The closest to this Pertwee ever got was Peladon, which is, let’s face it, not very close.
And we headed back to post. We drove straight to the bus stop, and the kids watched Astro boy until it was time for Tom's bus. They had fun. I just kinda vegged. I don't know why I was SO extremely tired!
Have been busy over the weekends learning ukelele chords on youtube and presenting a few nice pieces i have learnt. Never regret buying my ukelele. Its like my best friend now!
At least one of the people involved in creating your fairy garden needs to believe in fairies. Fairies are fun to believe in. They are beautiful and fancy, like princesses, but wild, scrappy, and self-sufficient. Feral, even. Fey.
The dream was total nonsense, of course. No self-respecting python would give up its supper for a bit of tongue action with a human female. Yet I sensed it would be unkind to denigrate something which she clearly believed was a highly significant piece of theatre.
Writing this blog is cathartic. The comments and support are so necessary. Somehow it’s much easier to pour my heart out to all of you than to my closest friends. Please keep the comments coming and send me your positive energy.
Email publicists with links to reviews
Shoe engineers examine foot imprints of Igor Vovkovinskiy, of Rochester, Minnesota, at Reebok headquarters, in Canton, Massachusetts. Vovkovinskiy, who has a shoe size between 22 and 26, says he’s had 16 surgeries in six years to fix problems created by shoes that didn’t fit. The engineers intend to use the imprints to help create trainers for Vovkovinskiy.Picture: Steven Senne/AP
1 regular bag of Nacho Cheese Doritos
An Accident Of Birth
To friends who supported and loved her, when she was incapable of loving herself.....
With “The Lorax” booming at the box office, perhaps we can convince all our citizens that we should be blooming with trees!
out she doesn't listen to much contemporary music). She's
Die-cut message tags x 2
I recall, at the start of the season, a heated discussion on Radio Scotland between Mr Smith and James Traynor where, after the collapse of the move for David Goodwillie, the Rangers’ Director of Football was quizzed about what he was actually doing! It was an enthralling 15 minutes of radio, though clearly very awkward for Mr Smith.
I looked down again at the lost girl lying asleep in eternity and knew that my heart would ache to feel the tears of rain or light of the moon again.
Think of one small object in your house to which you are emotionally attached, something that you love for some intangible reason, something that would seem not valuable and ordinary to most any one else. Can you identify and describe why that object is important to you? Why did you save it in the first place, and what keeps you from tossing it with the next yard sale or round of spring cleaning? If you are like me, you have many objects that fall into that category.
Besides foretelling an increase in pollution, these figures make it abundantly clear that providing shore power for visiting ships should be well within reach financially. Based on an article presented on the C40 Cities website, for cruise ships berthed in Seattle, which provides shore power, running cost per call was approximately $5,000. Granted, electric rates are lower in the Northwest. But, using these numbers, the projected 264 calls in NY would cost a total of $1.32M. That works out to about $2.05 per projected passenger. Even if the cost was 5x higher, it would total about $10 per passenger.
Fear is a mean little pr*ck. And takes great joy in stopping you. In turning your dreams into a lost cause.
To be located at the Sons of Italy in Woburn. Each team may consist of four to ten people, at a cost of $150 per team. We will again offer the “Mulligan” and the “Buy-Back-In” offers. Dress up, bring your own eats and “keep your head up, oh, And you can let your hair down.”
I'm loving that we are already halfway through the week!
76. Red Necks, White Socks and Blue Ribbon Beer -- Hank Thompson
The Bata Shoe Museum in Toronto presents Roger Vivier: Process to Perfection beginning May 10, 2012. In this exhibition, the work of Roger Vivier, one of the 20th century's most important shoemakers, will be displayed for the first time in North America. Loans from museums around the world, including the Metropolitan Museum of Art, have been obtained to create a full picture of the work of this master shoemaker. I will be attending the opening party for this event on May 8th.
There have been rumors of warehouse fires. As of this moment in time there has been no warehouse fire. However, harvest is still underway and everyone is still at a heightened alert status, because this is the time of year for spontaneous combustion.
Thelonious Monk: The Labeling of a Jazz Icon
FOR 40-50 MILLION DOLLARS, TWITTER PURCHASES TWEETDECK!
- 1/4 cup Oat bran
What stands out in my mind throughout the difficult process is how the Principal was not only professional but personable as well. She advocated for Fred and focused on what he needed to help him succeed. She followed his progress and honored his individuality. She inspired me to be a teacher, and taught me that as a teacher I have a tremendous responsibility to see my students as unique individuals and to advocate for their specific needs. I hope when I am faced with situations such as Fred’s, I will be slow to judge, quick to support, and patient be with frustrated and hurt parents. I want to be sure that as I listen to their words, I truly hear what both the students and the parents are saying. I want to be the true advocate for those students and parents that others were for me and my son.
gravitated toward it
Always nice to see how much our debt is O_O WHAT ???!?!? I'm voting for Vermin Supreme, he promises every American a pony and surely he can do as good as anyone else with the economy...At least I'll get a pony this time around. Ha !..Actually its not the debt, if you want to see what the numbers mean, check out one of the greatest Taxi blogs in the world for the answer...New York City's own Eugene at Cabs Are For Kissing ...you'll love this blog...He is a brilliant writer and photographer, if you've never been to his sight , don't miss out now.
So, try it if you want, but it will not change your life, or even your meal significantly. Maybe if they come out with a Cool Ranch one the story would be different.
we had the opportunity to venture onto another ridge of Jerusalem.
Now remove the top of the shortcake and spoon about a half cup of the strawberries and juices onto the bottom of the cake. Top those berries with a big dollop of whipped cream. Place the top on the shortcake, and add another half cup of sliced strawberries, another smaller dollop of whipped cream and garnish the top each with a strawberry, and serve. Enjoy!
Colouring Medium ... Copics, Spika Pen & Sakura Jelly Roll Pens
To make it work, the parent company sets up a third subsidiary (S3) in the Netherlands, with no other purpose than to funnel money from S2 to S1. Instead of licensing the parent’s products directly to S2, the Bermuda-based S1 grants them to its Dutch partner, who then passes them along. In other words, S1 and S2 are the bread around an S3 Dutch meat sandwich. What good is that? The Irish don’t tax money being moved among European countries (S2 to S3), and the Netherlands takes only a small fee for moving the money from S3 to S1. This makes it so the “royalties” checks can arrive in Bermuda virtually untaxed.
Names: Rufus
Wow, 15 months since my last post on here..... well a fair bit has happened in that time frame.
Fatherland Brewers and Hometown Hops
First thing I noticed about a mile and a half in was that it felt better than yesterday. No knee or ankle twinges, no heavy legs and no real heavy breathing. Nice. Comfortable. My true “happy place.”
It looks and tastes just like beef! It has a slight gamey flavor but is quite delicious and makes a wholesome farm dinner. Serve with a hearty helping of the stuffing and a vegetable and you've got a great meal. What are some of your favorite ways to prepare organ meats? Share your recipes and tips with us!
I am linking up with Leila & Rosie at Like Mother, Like Daughter today. It is a favorite blog of mine and is on my sidebar. Leila is a homeschooling mother of eight (she has launched 7) with practical, real advice.
Before I sign off, let me mention one more thing ....
- My friend Petro.
All conversations fended off by high cast-iron fences
It has been almost a year...and I sure have missed all of you :o)
My novel, In the Echo of the Ocean, wouldn’t have been written if I lived in any other place. Even though the story is more about people than the ocean, I hope the sound of the waves and adventure can still be heard through the pages.
So, whichever side is winning, that is my side,
Ultimately I believe The Voice is a step in the right direction for reality talent shows and it has my full support, but in my mind there will only be one winner, and that is whoever decides to tread in the strangely big footsteps of Fergie and let Mr I.Am make them millions.
I have used Bobunny papers from the Serenity pad to cover my base card and layered up with kraft and wrapped with ribbon. The postcard stamp and sentiment stamp are by Whimsy Stamps.
There are many things us Brits are good at, and there are quite a few of those things that we even mange to make look cool and sexy, like Italy based gold bullion heists and Mini Coppers, for example. One thing us Brits aren’t good at, and we definitely don’t’ make either sexy or cool, is caravanning. For one thing, British caravans are rather like badly decorated sardine tins, sardine tins who’s interior design sensibilities invariably ground somewhere around 1987, this is immediately a problem. Also, we don’t have the weather for it, when caravanning in the UK the average person is wearing three pairs of socks, stout Wellington boots and as many jumpers as they can fit under their cagoule. Non of these factors make for sexy or, indeed, cool.
“It has a wonderful, customizable fit. No leaks or pooy blow-outs, the inserts are so absorbent. They fit under all pants, even tight jeans.”
Pinky Brain: Are you pondering what I’m pondering?
Going on strike in France is a national past time. It's up there with drinking wine and eating smelly cheese as one of the inalienable rights of every French person.
I can understand why he said what he said. But it is the NFL's responsibility to keep the players safe on the field.
Given that Sharpe’s patients were part of the study which NICE based their evidence on for developing Guideline 53 is it any wonder patients are angry?” Gabi Jacobs, Sussex; sick for 2 years
We’ve received tremendous support on this trip. Some of what was behind those tears to the finish was the generosity and devotion that many have shown us. Everyone who arranged events, offered us your hospitality, shared your stories, taught myself and many others, wrote us comments of encouragement, donated, cycled, fundraised, sported a Km4C shirt, and contributed to this campaign in your own unique way, you all have touched me. Generosity, creativity, courage and charisma exist in all of you. If such a large number of people, across such a large country, can possess these traits, I have faith that the quality of life for Canadians who are differently abled will improve.
3.Sit or stand with legs slightly apart. When you sit or stand with your legs slightly apart, this gives the impression that you are self-confident.
“As a people, we survived the Mongols, the Turks and the Arabs,” said John Michael, a Chicago ophthalmologist whose cousins recently left for Syria. “We don’t want this violence now to be the death knell of this ancient culture.”- - - - - - - - - -
It’s been put to me that the Sanballat story and the way Nehemiah prayed about Sanballat is “just a story from the Old Testament” and therefore cannot and should not be applied to cases of domestic abuse today.
Neil Young and Bruce Springsteen write anthems about the travails of the working man; we line up for the revival of “Death of a Salesman.” John Mellencamp and Willie Nelson hold festivals and fundraisers when farmers suffer. Taxpayers bail out the auto industry and Wall Street and the banks. There’s a sense that manufacturing, or the agrarian economy, is what this country is really about. But culture was, for a while, what America did best: We produce and export creativity around the world. So why aren’t we lamenting the plight of its practitioners? Bureau of Labor Statistics confirm that creative industries have been some of the hardest hit during the Bush years and the Great Recession. But when someone employed in the world of culture loses a job, he or she feels easier to sneer at than a steel worker or auto worker.
I would not take back anything that I have done knowing what I know now. Except that I might have not walked in the 60 mile walk that they think triggered all of this. That, I am sort of regretting.
How can you avoid those traps and eat in a way that improves your health and your mental/emotional state? According to this article, it’s just what I’ve been recommending to my clients – getting back to basics:
Given Wolstencroft’s track record for challenging cinema, it’s not surprising he’s a one-man production machine, directing MUFF later in the year and participating in numerous film projects. “I’m making my new film The Second Coming, which is an adaption of a poem by William Butler Yates, and…I’ve got my new film The Beautiful and the Damned…that’ll be coming out later in the year on DVD.”
‘Our bourgeoisie is already worthless for any noble endeavour. We did not defend Germany against Bolshevism back then because we were not intending to do anything like conserve a bourgeois world or go so far to freshen it up. Had communism really intended nothing more than a certain purification by eliminating isolated rotten elements from among the ranks of our so-called “upper ten thousand” or our equally worthless Philistines, one could have sat back quietly and looked on for a while.’
UP TO 35% OFF Have the next Apprentice on your hands? Set them up with a Quality Time Construction Company’s cute lemonade stand.
Rob Coombes – keyboards
Goals of the school library
A swarm. Best strategy is to keep moving and use broad, sweeping strikes. Tawa instructed. And don't give them a chance to jump on you all at once.
It is believed that John was a cousin to Jesus because Salome is identified as the wife of Zebedee, the mother of James and John, two of the Apostles of Jesus, and also as the sister of Mary, mother of Jesus. As family they no doubt grew up together and likely were best friends since childhood. John without question felt he knew Jesus extremely well, knew his nature, and the heart of him, and there is no doubt that John loved Jesus dearly. This was a bond likened unto David and Jonathan. So what is John trying to tell us about the nature of Jesus in this story?
And the mome raths outgrabe.
Somehow someone got me to the doctor’s office with my mom. The doctor, who was retiring that very day, wrapped my wrist in a magazine and sent us to the hospital.
creative and decided to do a lil playing and
I have no time to post any recipes lately, life was hectic I was working 6 - 7 days a week. This blog has been neglected hopefully you did not miss me much :).
"In fact, that cannot be evidence for God if he is a naturalist, or an atheist. Because according to him its not possible to have evidence for God. If he is in fact an atheist in terms of his views on reality, then all of these things must be reinterpreted so they are regimented, or will conform to, will comport with that man's naturalism, or atheism." ~Greg Bahnsen (bit.ly/stillevidence)
The University of Tennessee "Body Farm" conducted the tests on the car's air samples Aug. 10, and on Wednesday their conclusion was released: a human corpse had been decomposing there.
I know these things can happen even years into an expat life in some other country - you think you've basically got it figured out, the bumps are minimal, life is going smoothly (or as smoothly as possible with a family illness to deal with) and fulfillingly, and then BAM! You find your muscles knotting up, you can't seem to say anything clearly, everyone misinterprets you, or they say things you just don't want to or care to hear. To wit, the old guy at 7-11 who, when he saw me buy a Liberty Times, said "That paper is LIES! We are all Chinese and we have 5,000 years of history. You foreigners can't understand. Don't buy that paper of lies!" He said this in English, no less. And me with no good response to such nonsense beyond "大家有他們自己的想法, 大部分的台灣人不同意你的意見" and, after he wouldn't let up "你好傲慢喔" before walking away.
A week before my wedding, my mom handed me the wedding band that Sue had always claimed. I don't even remember the moment now, but I know that my mother insisted that I have it and wear it on my wedding day. She was very insistent and I knew it was important to her for all the right reasons. So I took it and after twenty-eight years, it is still on my finger.
Not being anywhere near this amazing sandwich, I decided to make a version at home. And schnikes, it was a perfect combo. My ingredients obviously aren't as fresh, so I imagine adding the likes of homemade pizza rolls or pesto would really knock it out of the park. My lazy self went with these options:
this is such a fun way to add a little bit of fun to your makeup, i love the orange trend this season and I'm yet to purchase my statement purple lipstick. i recommend that you all purchase a bold lip colour (not red) in a shade that suits your skin tone and work it during the day! and for those who are at a schools that wont allow bold lipsticks, try it in lipgloss form or after school.
Seeing how the Babylonian account have so much extra material interwoven, I would imagine that this account is a later than the Palestinian, wanting to tell what the Palestinian account is leaving out and explain what was going on. The parable about the “ones below” and the “ones above” becomes much more concrete in the Babylonian account, while the question on why God would let him die, when righteous men are praying for him also is being answered. R. Yehudah HaNasi is also elevated to a higher status in the Babylonian account that in the Palestinian one, concluded on the context of the narratives, though the Palestinian account in no way gives the impression that it was “just a rabbi” who died here, highlighted by the response to the news of his death.
THIS is where YOU, the Sales Professional, can make a difference!
3 reflections
Once upon a time, there was a girl who loved a television show called Doctor Who. A man named David Tennant played the role of the Doctor, and a man named Russell T. Davies wrote a lot of the episodes of the television show. The television show was wonderful and marvelous and magical and the girl was happy. Once day, the man who played the Doctor and the man who wrote for the Doctor decided to leave and never return, and the girl was sad, for no one could ever be as good as her Doctor was, especially not that Matt Smith fellow. He looked like someone stretched silly putty over a deflated basketball. But she watched the new Doctor just the same.
I made this sleigh using a template I bought from Sandra's Scrapshop. She has some UH-MAZNG stuff there!! This won't be the last time I buy from her I'm sure!! It did however, almost end up in the garbage a few times. LOL!!
Why not?
I know sometimes I may not be the easiest person to get along with, and so that’s why I made the decision to tell her right away that I was angry. I explained why I was angry and I decided to give myself a time limit to stay angry and then move on.
Hi everyone and welcome to a new challenge here at Digi Doodle Shop Challenges. This week it's Team Karen's turn to host the challenge. But first a big thankyou to everyone who joined in the fun last week, fab cards everyone!
we spent most of our time skiing at ski santa fe which is located about 20 minutes outside of the city, in the santa fe national forest. the skiing was pretty good, especially for the prices. and it was so beautiful! after a few days of skiing, we had about a half of a day to roam around the city before we drove back to texas.
2010 Parade Route To Once Again Travel Down 7th And 6th Avenues To Macy’s Herald Square.
With this new demand for Cline came a higher price tag, and reportedly towards the end of her life, she was being paid at least $1,000 for appearances—then an unheard-of fee for women in the country music industry, since they usually grossed less than $200. Her penultimate concert, held in Birmingham, Alabama, grossed $3,000.
A look at the experience of the 1980's shows that, in fact, in those old heavy industrial areas, where deindustrialisation, and the collapse of industries such as Mining, Steel Making, Shipbuilding etc. occurred, women's employment fared significantly better than that of Men. It was not just the fact that female labour-power was cheaper to buy for Capital, but that frequently in the new, light industrial production that was established, and certainly in the new service industries, female labour-power was more productive than male labour-power. It was often not discrimination from Capital, that women faced in these areas, but from working-class men. Certainly, there is evidence that where women became the main or only breadwinners in these areas, it did not result in a significant reduction in their domestic workload to compensate. An intersting discussion and analysis in this respect is provided by Jane Wheelock in “Capital Restructuring and The domestic economy: Family Self-respect and The Irrelevance of 'Rational Economic Man” (Capital & Class 41, Summer 1990). A look at the preponderance of female labour-power in the State Capitalist sector, which grew markedly from the late 1980's through to 2010, particularly in these areas, is an indication of that. State Capital located to these areas, partly in order to offset, the effects of deindustrialisation, which could have had long-term consequences for the economy as a whole, but also to take advantage of cheap labour thereby providing itself with an alternative to the astronomical costs facing businesses located in London.
The progress was hardly smooth.
You know what, enough! I shall say no more. See for thyselves, the wonder that is…
So far there has been a very encouraging response. We are already at over 20% and there are a couple of good potential developments that could make a significant difference as investors and Trusts consider possibilities.
46. Clan of the Cave Bear - Jean M. Auel
As I said before, I don't want to be your enemy. I don't want to keep you from believing what you believe, or living how you wish to live. If you force me to, however, I will stand in unwavering defense of what I believe is right. I will point out the inconsistencies of your arguments. I will oppose your chosen politicians. I will move to counter your actions at all levels of government. If you choose to use your religion as justification for your actions, I will attack it mercilessly, too. In short, I will not let you take away my rights or co-opt the integrity of this country in the name of your God.
It would be great if this could be the beginning of something new, no matter how small. Children’s fiction, more than anything else, should be the wellspring of new ideas and fresh views of the world. Kids, more than anyone, take diversity in their stride. They can handle heroes from different backgrounds. We just need to get some in front of them.
ANTHRAX will be fronted by singer Joey Belladonna.
You shift homes, live with new people always
10. Lift off the foil and baking beans and trim off the pastry around the rim. Put the flan, uncovered in the oven for five more minutes.
4 Intro Piece
If you would like to read more about my process and day to day life then pop in and say hello on my blog. I'd love to hear from you. Check out Emma's blog HERE.
There are some seriously fantastic designs I'm up against but I love a good challenge so if you don't mind...pop on over to the website or click on the voting badge to the right on my blog and please vote.
The dialogue and plot are fast paced. There are no cheesy moments and no cringe-worthy speeches. Despite this being a serious, compelling and at times disturbing dystopian novel the book has light-hearted moments that bring a genuine smile to your face. It is nice to not be bombared with darkness all the time.
“This captivating, emotional production will make you want to hug your family and friends and dance the night away. Highly recommended!”
David Sylvian & R. Sakamoto Bamboo houses UK
Crayon Sourcils Sculpting Eyebrow Pencil
Obey City – Work Move
Secretive. Unpredictable. Because this contradicts the honest/heart-on-sleeve aspect (see below) it seems bizarre that I could possibly be secretive. But I've been able to really surprise people more often than you'd think. I play my hand close to my chest, it seems, without being aware of it.
Books and letters from my father.
Dr Lysander is framed in the door. Tall, thin and white-coated. Dark hair pulled straight back. Thick glasses. She glides, silent as a ghost the whispers say, always seems to know before it happens when someone falls into red. But she’s not like some of the nurses who can bring you back with a hug. She isn’t exactly what you would call nice.
I’ll still be sore Monday, but I appreciate the sentiment.
Drinks in hand, I thought it might be a good time to break the ice about Michelle’s recent statements regarding same sex marriage. I told her it was kind of ironic for her to say that gays and lesbians can marry, as long as they marry someone of the opposite sex. Don’t you know that everyone in the room looked at Marcus at that very instant!
Today has been intense. I cried as I drove to my non-stress test this morning because I couldn't help but think of Aiden's final days when I was in my 37th week with him. Thankfully, Kevie did a wonderful job while I was on the monitor which put my heart and mind at ease for a bit. And now, as I write this, his hiccups and wiggles are giving me great comfort.
Unlike Midtown, Bucktown or Little Five Points, you're in the 'burbs here. So the attitudes aren't always as liberal. And it was a Saturday afternoon, so there were a lot of people there. And I can just hear some of you say "I could never go out to a mall on a Saturday afternoon! I might run into someone I know, or I won't be passable enough, or people will point at me and say bad things or..."
Their latest attack on kin selection is a big paper in the new Nature by Wilson, Martin Nowak and Corina Tarnita, all from Harvard. They begin by arguing that the classical argument for insect eusociality (cooperatively breeding societies in which “castes” of individuals, like the workers in bees, are sterile and help the queen produce offspring)—an argument based on asymmetrical relatedness—is wrong. This failure to explain eusociality, they claim, is a severe blow to kin-selection theory.
Really, that’s the bottom line: Who does this? Who chooses this level of scrutiny, trusts ratings-obsessed-producers to weave an accurate yarn, assumes that a relationship forged through competition can end up translating to happily ever after? Not me. I’ve had enough crazy in my life, thank you very much.
As I found out late in October, the leaf peeping season is a couple or so weeks away from its peak. But I already drove the 250 miles to get to my leaf peeping spot and by hook or by crook I was going to get me some fall color shots.
The Design Team have some examples for you:-
You’ll bruise yourself jumping to conclusions, but, hey, be my guest. Fortunately, your judgments as to my orthodoxy are simply that: your judgments.
Thank You live in Kino Šiška, music tells it all – fantastic perfomance
I've known these clients for several years and have been working with them on updating their seaside home in phases. My first project with them was providing a new paint scheme for the homes exterior. That was way back in 2007. Above is an image of the exterior which faces the water.
It is also known that certain genetic factors increase the harmful effects of lead poisoning in susceptible children; however, these factors are not completely understood as of 2003.
- seeing the Tower Bridge and singing ‘London Bridge is falling down’ while crossing it (Nicky)
Address: 1100 Pennsylvania Ave NW Washington, D.C.
lance rautzhan got a card of his own in 1979, and it looks a lot like davalillo's
eyes: mac quite natural paint pot, LMdB le cirque kaleidoscope 2nd tier, mac cork, mac feline, prestige my blackest lashes
The mental mind-fucking that goes on while waiting is absolutely incredible. I was doing everything that I knew I shouldn’t be doing – I wasn’t trusting my “inner self” – I was second guessing everyone and everything. Thank God I’d given up drinking years earlier – I’m quite certain that if I hadn’t, I’d have brought an entirely new definition of “The Ides of March” to the forefront.
