Thank God, Lifetime, and Thank You John! I hope the show lasts forever on television, this show is very valuable to all of us!
Time to dream bout some crazy ishhh goodnight 💤
hey man. Thought about you last week - watched the 'my star' video. Thanks so much again for that!
I would've never gotten that - Enjoy the concert
This coming Saturday 7/23 the Four Freshman will be performing at the Sitnik Theatre Lackland Performing Arts Center in Hacketstown, NJ
Searching for beds in Portland in April :)
Off work now it's time for this #workoutflow then eat :)
"Work hard in silence and let your success make all the noise." :)
Tonight Back by Popular Demand: Party Band Twang Dragons and Chef Gregs Famous Fried Catfish! Let's get it started! JC
happy birthday! We met at Ace hotel poshparty:-)
I mean sorrryyy ;o
This could be the worst week! Either I've worked here to long or I need a strong drink or a years vacation!
Shape of Things by Adam Hood
Ugly Kid Joe--I Hate Everything About You.
Never cared much for oats till having your jumbo ones. I've wasted years! They're amazing. Have it almost every day.
Yo, those motion profile pics are gay.
Ate shirmp ceviche for the first time. Its good.
Did you like that video? We stumbled across it by accident, you can get some good stuff for $5.
hi austin that was beautiful<3 #saysomethin omg asdfghj
who was so kind as to give you those lovely flowers?
That's true, you made me want to give you my spare change haha. I'm doing pretty well, making some splash here in beantown.
yes I was!
PLEASE FOLLOOW ME I LOVE YOU ANSWER!!
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it.
I take that last tweet back, at least Louisville got a moral victory from a true freshmen
Every form of addiction is bad, no matter whether the narcotic be alcohol or morphine or idealism.
Been lax in my thank yous for all the twitterluv! Peace!
haha, thanks for listening!
I'm late, but what is this random idea?
y u no #httq?
WE GOT THIS! LOVE YOU LIZ! YOU'RE AMAZING AND YOU DESERVE THE BEST! <3 GOODNIGHT GIRL!
Finally home. Now to watch the end of the game and pick some new songs to learn. Suggestions?
What is going on w/ TYT site? Where's the show?
my brothers b-day tommorow help me wat should i get him??:)
"I do not fix problems. I fix my thinking. Then problems fix themselves." Louise L. Hay
You're welcome any time :)
We hope to see you at tonight's CAKE. Don't think of our get togethers as stuffed shirt networking events. We like to consider them parties!
the light at the end of the tunnel will be out due to high cost of living
Lying on the bed crying. - Couldn't the Jazz win just one?!
Hello ! Hope you're having a great weekend! Thank you for the shout-out.
Nice to be home at this hour, January has brought some great blessings..I will
Made me think of the 1st open at Bethpage too.
Drinking rose in the summer isn't fashionable anymore?!?
I'm watching a thing about downtown Pittsburgh, this makes me more excited to move there for college! :)
Mhm. Okay. I don't really care to discuss this anymore, because obviously Anthony is a douche to you. We've established that.
So am I going to see you at Ally's shower in a couple weeks?!
i'm so gullible
#KSsynapse Zoghbi: Knocking MeCP2 out in GABAergic neurons is one model that recapitulates almost all human Rett phenotypes (not anxiety.)
Have been up since 330 this morning #miserable #getmebacktobed 💤💤💤
fake as hell
Eyes burning is your body's way of saying "Idiot you should go to sleep right now. No not in 5 minutes, now."
Kandi gave us the last dress honey lol!!
Are Health Benefits of Coconut Oil Useful for You?
Teacher grading my exam in front of my
NO. YOU DID NOT?!
What is everyone dressing up as this Halloween?
We encountered an issue with some server updates that brought down our main storage server. It may not be up until tomorrow. We apologize!
that's a good mantra. Trying to enjoy his little self as much as possible, even at 4 a.m. :)
The name of the LORD is a strong tower; the righteous run to it and are safe. Proverbs 18:10
S/o to for joining the pata sucia club (;
sounds like we need a debate whenever/wherever Sherri wants.
:/ have a good day.
weed head / nympho
Guys are so lucky. Be a girl for a day fuckers.
To know what people really think, pay regard to what they do, rather than what they say. ~ Descartes
Really?! And you'd give that away free?
Be better than me.
No judgement here! People who don't like mayo just say that because they don't want to sound 'fat.' EVERYONE LOVES IT.
Just finished day 1 at the seattle bike expo, come check it out tomorrow! :)
I'm always flattered when asked if The Handy Craftsman is a franchise. I take this question as a compliment.
We all have a function in the body in order for it to operation as it should.
So much anticipation. RT : let me know if that ball has gone through the hoop yet on Mercer's arm
a penny for your thoughts, a dollar for your dreams
#NMRealEstate Holidays make rates bounce around.
RT IF YOU NEVER MET GEORGE WASHINGTON! AND YOU AINT MEETING HIM!...
I like telling, as long as it's not on me.
so disappointed in these CATS chants
Titletownfanatics is moving along at a steady pace
RT “: How can you tell when Mitt Romney is about to LIE? He CHUCKLES.”
RT : Fare thee well, Hines Ward! I love loving a player I would have hated had he played anywhere else.
I'm breaking into my "Going to Lawrence" bottle of Jack.
Looking at a very short night. 6 AM flight to #sec12 and straight into #HEISC meeting. Friday train to #stc12!
GOOD LUCK & have fun
Edwards says racing w/o stress of sponsors, women and $$ is def better than racing w that stress ... he says been there, done that
im off all week, let me know, hopefully as soon as possible so i can stop stressin about this shit!
Saying yes to yourself may mean saying no to others. Shift your actions to match your priorities and success will follow!
And I don’t care if I die poor. As long as I’m famous.
Is it just me or did the Yanks look like a tired step slow team tonight. Or to put it another way they looked OLD tonight.
Holy shit! Just realized today was the deadline I made for myself to become the white Usher...i created the deadline yesterday.
SATAN STAY OFF MY PAGE.
Whoa! You worked on Carlito's Way??? I was first team PA. Did we meet way back when???
I feel very happy just like everyday
Yesterday I got to pet a tiny kangaroo. It's exactly as amazing as you imagine.
And every single time I look in to your eyes, I see a little bit more sunshine, I feel a little bit more like me <3
What is your favourite thing to do when you're sad, that will cheer you up.
it was great chatting with you too. Looking fwd to more interactions :-)
Don't forget the KPIG sticker, which is rarely seen next to the "W"
Damn i miss the old Justin i know some of you are gonna wanna go off on me talking smack but i really miss the old him :(
GUESS WHAT I GOT!!
Hopefully it lived up to the hype. Beers always help too! Great to see you Shell!
Happy Twitter bday! Talked about u 2 yesterday to some FB peeps before their 1st event.
looks good! I want to go!
ha how cute.
Aah, late to #libchat. I'm Christina, high school librarian in the Mitten (MI).
Got a new gretsch drum kit coming in, selling an Pearl Export kit for cheap with hardware, kick pedal, hi hat stand, and 2 cymbal stands.
THanks for the follow, Travis - link isn't working tho!
thank u heff!!
I retweet too much.
Goodnight ❤ happy early birthday ❤
mhmm i may not be flawless but people love me :P lol <3
This guy next to me is eating a pancake with chopsticks. Didn't even know that was possible. Confused on so many levels.
Tonight feels like a good night for an Upstate Deluxe Pizza…..what’s on your plate?
as the black people say "KMSL" (which means "killin myself laughing")
#mothersday right around the corner! Get her what she really Kraves a piece of #MIKELPATRIK, origs & reproductions for any budget!
RT : History is the key to everything: politics, religion, even fashion. Eva Herzigova
#HonestyNight i`m really not a freak but i love to please my lover
Where in heck is Obama's plan? This guy is a great speaker, but a lousy leader.
Guess I'll go see what's on tv.
I bet you are. Golfer. :)
awesome game. i love the fluid game play for sure. Plans for any new ones in the future? Thanks.
that's who i am right now!
musicians have very little leverage due to the perception that they are easily replaceable. and hell, DJs are cheaper!
tweeting about yourself again?
RT : Julie Andrews laughed at my joke and leaned in towards me. We are best friends now.
It's time to be happy again
Oh, to be a kid again.. fml.
Just another amazing day. RETWEET if you feel the same way. #ColeHart #Atlanta #UrbanFiction #Streetlit .
lol you felt left out
RT : Many brands and advertisers are clueless on social media-an opportunity for newspapers
run around day pick up mail grocery shop... big list...def time for a vacation
Updates appreciated! Need to know when to start drinking the beer & eating food from the frig before it all goes bad.
Yeah, I was thinking about that. You're probably right. To keep the craft/artisan quality, I'll type from an old computer.
I been good man, how yu been??
I miss that aspect of volunteering in a library. Since I moved, I talked to the local one abt it, but OT happened at work.
Yo mamma is so fat that when she went sky diving,she covered the sun.
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
I'm following u as well thanks
lol I told y'all to wait Smh
ok : )thank
it was a pretty unlucky situation turned lucky hahaha
On that note. . .how the hell does one make coffee tastes like cigarettes???
That was YOU??? I told my kid to do it. I thought that was a good-nasty look, though, not bad-nasty. ;)
If I just lived in water I'd be ok
The Cavs are ugly. Look cheap
...I can't stop saying #kettlecorn in a high pitched voice. Scared.
What's your favorite Beatles song?
But im having fun at senior night :-) :-)
Can barely move at the mall..This place is packed
well the new episode starts in like 3 min! Watch it bitch! ;) lol.
Ed and Taylor's song is gonna be perfection omg
PUT A BLOCK ON LOVE....RUN WHEN ITS NEAR...JS...DONT LOVE ME!....
Miss America 2012 where are the women judges
Please consider attending the first Associate Member Ceremony on campus in the Butler Pavilion Boardroom on Sat 2/18 at 4pm
thank you
Wine and Canvas LA tonight at Jerry's Deli in Westwood village! Love this creative, joy spreading job!!!
for me?
Am I dreaning?
I want to thank you for the ARC my students will love it! I can't wait to read it!
going to Disneyland for the first time tomorrow...... suggestions??!
the Bills deserve B-lo At this point no Soon they'll be gone to Toronto Along with TO Jim Kelly's days Now are just a haze
Family guy gettin old
Guess i need to spend some time on here. Can only #Follow 5 tweeps at a time due to lack of activity. I will #Follow all back!
Well Dad, it basically comes down to this: I've decided to quit geology and join the Village People.
Damn I'm in the mood for some Tasty Taxi.
any chance y'all will add more 6:30 a.m. #BootcampBarre classes throughout the week? Lurb!
I didn't have a camera. (not ) had a camera, but has been "on biz" since we got back. Thanks for reminder tho
Mexican for dinner then off to zoo lights with some good friends!! And I guess well take the kids to... I love Christmas!!
ohh ok thank uu is the group name official christofer drew awareness?:)
I really need to buy a shaver that gets really close because the shave I have now is not to my expectations
what a nice teammate! Looking forward to 2012 season. See you in NY 4/13
Unpacked my bag: I have to get my Sharp jersey dry cleaned AGAIN!!
Game 7 @ the Garden tonight!!!! Go Rangers!!!
im in the kitchen cookin
we're all bottomless.
These are some very good headphones
Waiting for a client is better than them waiting for you.
Thinking about the impact of C. K Prahalad's work on design and co-creation.
ATTN: hair styling producers, stay away from Chicago for your own good. You cannot beat Chicago wind!
That site is HILARIOUS!!!!
Had a great night with - Great performance & a wonderful dinner too! You. Are. Something. Special.
gumby doesn't walk -- he glides.
Uh.... Who is at buffalo wild wings pushin that button?!!!
#cyclechic: discovered that my vintage #isseymiyake jumpsuit paired w/ #rosherun kicks are perfect for warm weather urban
Commission meeting in session. Watch live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov
RT I'm the kid who could be a lot smarter if I applied myself.
Wondering why #Portland doesnt have a WPS team. Seems like a perfect fit. Portland Thorns?
so glad that #letsgetobstinate has inspired you to end your 13 month drought on Twitter!
Seton Hill's summer reading text is the graphic novel Persepolis. Our disability accommodation staff was a bit flummoxed to find out... 1/2
Good seeing and having the opportunity to catch up with him at the event earlier this evening.
Going to a puppet show w/ Livy & &
Girls with trust issues <
Crimes against the English language. #1 in a series: "Uniquely Different." (Headline on a transit ad for a Seattle area casino.)
Did you get your free pancakes at Ihop today? You have until 10 pm, so there's still time!
My mouth is watering seeing the picture. That salad is so damn delicious. Go back tomorrow and have one for me please!
come see #rocktheink's official Ninja Lili & the fabulous www.rocktheink.net for details. see you Saturday!”
Dude, I felt horrible about that! I didn't mean to get her busted! My bad.
I wish we could start over
Which doesn't make sense; his main other language is French.
LOL and roller derby! :) shout out from GB
yeah! :D
On a side note, when an author begins a text with Derrida, it makes me swoon.
#TeamCharon “: If i had a chainsaw, i woulda cut that crown in half.. is my SUPERSTAR! #realwhereitcounts”
Points here and it is game...set....match
Great! Stay tuned, shirts will be coming out soon.
Thanks for sharing! Interesting. Like yr thoughts on citation as incentive for sharing & curation.
Dick Head
Do you need a mentor or a phychic? Mentors think they know more than they do, phychics make you feel better by guessing well.
Sometimes I remember all the good times we had and memories we made then I remember all they'll ever be is memories sand we wont have more
Take chances in life. You only got 1 chance to live your life. #KeepStriving ...
You know today is going to be awesome.
This is cool.
hope your Saturday Is sunshine and flowers!!!!:)))
eva's
Well, I guess since it IS your birthday... *sigh* RT : You going to be the DD tomorrow for my birthday??!? Please? <3
I am not going to believe that Junior Seau is dead until national news outlets report it. Haven't seen anything official yet.
Am i rude??? Alot ppl say i am
NDC getting those Rogue Green KD's?
You totally rock and I'm so happy to have you on the team! Can't do this without you!
Phone lines are open - 317-736-0950 - call in and share your thoughts about the past week.
Follow along w/ #philanthropyweek RT : Often 1 opportunity opens the door & propels a family out of poverty.
Lmaoooo RT : “ im sure zeta love me btw”nope. They are going to assassinate you and curve their symbols in your chest LOL
Attenuation of age-related changes in mouse neuromuscular synapses by caloric restriction and exercise
Had a great time this weekend! Thanks to all !
Saying hello to the readers from Greece...:)
his 3 picks . He's awful. The d will Will this game for them if they hold on....that's my peace.
Headed to the Thirsty Armadillo in the Ft Worth STOCKYARDS tonight! Mike Stanley Band kicking the night off around 10:30!! Bring yer asses!
Thank you for promoting my sister and her book. She rocks!
aww yeah you is playing with the 17s yall lost bad??
Looking forward to catching up with you at #ncte! I'm going to follow you around and soak up some wisdom!
Playing a little #CallofDuty #MW3 while we wait for The Big Bang Theory to start.
There is free wifi available. We'd love to provide WiFi to MLA attendees, but registration $$ would be expensive.
I haven't tweeted on my iPhone until today. Just checked tweets
Sittin here at the hospital waitin for the outcome of a friends son.
I hope every girl finds a boyfriend as great as mine :)
Four major banks control over 75% of the nations mortgage servicing. Wells,Bank of America,JP Morgan and Citigroup.
If you have entry level clerical, customer service, call center, housekeeping, data entry, and/or environmental services positions open at …
Way to go John. You are the voice of reason on Obama pretending to care for latinos.
HAHAH yup about you
already gave them away.
Thanks! Been to long -- especially since we are in your 'hood now ;)
HA! IDK bout him but I've Bern taking a lot!
this friday, lets turn up
true statement. Not just the Heat, but anyone who plays like they have been, doesn't deserve to win! So Kudos to the pacers
have you ever tried to laugh without smiling
Would I be petty to stash this other burger for L8er?! #fuck'em
you make my life so easy!! Thank you.
Note to the world: ferociously banging on your keyboard does not in fact get your notes in the computer faster, its just obnoxious.
Good reminder for me/ : If we love one another, we truly listen. If we don't, we think of things we want to say -
I would go to see Dali's home in Spain!
#20ThingsAboutMe 15) I think Dale Jr . is sexy(:
#milwaukee We repriced our retail $ for rock salt!! We are repricing the entire store actually- stay tuned for a BIG CELEBRATION!!! :)
I usually take my tree down on January 1st. What about you guys? :-)
RT : a big dont is to stop adapting,or stop learning. The world is constantly evolving
Will I see you at one of my summer signings?
thanx to for throwing game 6,We hope you stay in cleveland . Mogotti and only the loyal C-town loves u
If only you knew, I'd be with you...
There are certain things I can't get the point of. Bagels, for instance. Why do people like them? -Ned Rorem
tell me about it sheesh RT: already bored of this whole summer nothing to do thing"
The Real [FAKE] Housewives of Mexico City: It's the greatest spin-off show never conceived ... "The Real Housewives of Mexico City" -...
dunno s nole looks very sharp. Pico is in some deep doodoo I think.
I'm getting just about sick of school. A crash is coming very soon
#OMG! My son jus said she should be happy she has a man who doesn't do those things. I think it went rt over his head.
The stars make no noise. --Irish Proverb
did you do your math ?
Security Tip: Many robberies happen at night, when they can go unnoticed by neighbors. Reduce your risk by having walkway lights installed!
Go #Bucks Go!
": Packing for Nashville. It's about to go down." He said she didn't have no nipples!!!!"
Problems in the home is not something Cantania can legislate. My point is gpa is a bad benchmark until th is grade parity.
#Avengers was Amazing! It felt great to be part of a group that still believes in heroes #AMCMarvel Ultimate Marvel Marathon #Hulk >:(
Just finished engineering a string/drum session at Entourage Studios with composer Nick Urata of DeVotchKa.
if you have to check with your bf/gf to go hang out or doing something with your best friends, you need to re-evaluate your relationship.
your map caught measles
Our doors are opening at 11am for lunch...A glass of Sangria will help you get through your inbox...Call ahead for pick up 619.255.2856...
Torres. Hattrick. He is back.
TX SHORTS is insanely solid! Great work and the rest of y'all!!
Some people on twitter I ain't never seen in my life lol
yeh, Trainor took care of me, I bruise easy too
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work-Thomas Edison
Finally got off the couch!
laying in my bed. :)
How do you win?
true that. “: It's a great day to Whip somebody Ass!!!! #justsayin”
i wish i lived in 1950
I feel for JeJo, Brendan and Rachel will be making out all night GA-ROSE!!
Serena, Isner shine on clay as 'Nadal season' begins The clay-court season began last week and the result was big wins for Serena William
It does when the emcee doesn't shout on record, especially when it's a bunch of guys shouting over each other.
Happy Monday...woo!
Thanks for following us!
I'll just stay hard. I'll just try my best.
that was short lived
many blessings to you trina
My brother picked up someone elses jacket at prom and that dude has his jacket which has his car keys in it. GREAT
ATReference designed by Rockefeller! Very excellent and super exciting -talked about in AT/Archon Roundtable.
For him especially. Download 's book "Freedom of Expression" (free) and read at least the story of that song.
May is Older Americans Month!!!!
Not the grammy's?
haha yep! I can't wait to use it in other dishes.
I know I miss you too babe #nohomo Jk totally homo..
Tell me darling, did you do it out of spite?
Mentions.. Dead.
Thank you, my friend! It's the 'nature of the beast' and I'm playing in its' cage....with bloody ribeyes hangin' from my belt!
a little b&e later?
,had he not fouled it would ve been an easy dunk,so he made the right play by fouling him and making him earn iron the line
"righteous?!?!?" Don't say that out-loud SMH lol : that would be righteous....."
Think imma drive to Sonic, and get a half-priced Sonic burger and drinks :D
Spread Ya Legs Arch Ya Back !
All the time...
Soul Trip to NYC is tomorrow. Hello NY!
RT : lol - watch the video. Very clever :) Will DO!!!
where the yankees nationals game?
wow thats a boring person :-\
didn't know Jim Joyce is also a NCAA ref
GMAIL!!! I NEED YOU
Ive been saying that this whole time! Cheryl was an amazing judge compared to Nicole
Half way exiled, my life has been a melancholic slow (sometimes fast) silent movie.
who got the pearls?
Lovely goal.
brooklyn is actually a part of long island
In NY next month for the NY games conference. Wondering if (##FF) and are attending.
#10FactsAboutMe 3: My favorite subjects in school are probably math & reading. I love my I.S teacher..math teacher..not so much..
I leave my house with my hair looking awesome then come home with it hideous. I HATE HAIR
Office life sucks on days like this....i wish I was outside
sad, hope they can figure it out soon.
Man, I wished I would've took a picture of that man in his uniform.
Yes sir! Happy Birthday! RT : wait, is today your birthday, does my fav fantasy guru have the same bday as me? 13th?
Sleeping on the couch tonight.
With the highest quality equipment and the most certified technicians, Car Crafters can take care of all your car maintenance needs
Tuesday Jam! Brewers-Cubs Battle. Join the Pub crew & get ill on the patio. $2 Schlitz tall-boys. $3 Powers shots. $5 tall Smirnoff drinks.
I liked the lyrics but the vocals sucked
What did the Winterhawks say about their game-7 loss last night? Find out at 6, 6:30 10 and 11.
Hearing all kinds of original hip hop samples throughout this 1971 bruce lee movie... Wow
Gotta change all those Yoooooouk shirts to Brooks.
Behind frustration is the answer to your next success
it's true! Growing up I couldn't stand Thor. Now I'm actually looking forward to The Avengers coming out to see how he fits in.
Each day i wake up is another chance, i'll make a difference.
is still on vacation and thus has nothing to report to libraryland friends
Lots of fun...congrats on a great job. Thanks for having me.
All about productivity! : can't afford wi-fi in the sky!
Figured but thought i would ask! :)
Registered already for the doubles tourney!!
Dang, is gonna be in the 4th round before the night ends...geez
My design Pic, is of and :{D I love team!
Cool! Yeah that show looks great! :) #ninelivesofchloeking. I will definitely watch it! :)
Morning you sexy peeps :-)
#whatudidwrg u read my play but didnt kno what move i was gonna play
oh em gee hey
Yeah maybe...lol i don't know why i saw ur tweet now .:D
On list of banned words from DoE tests: "In-depth discussions of sports that require prior knowledge" - that's one ban I can agree with
Getn ready for church.. I need sumthin today!
I need to clean out my purse like every other day -____-
Thank you. Wishing you a blessed day.
Thinking of a solution, think I found it.
"I'm a bad test taker" oh you mean you're stupid?
Is it sad that the first thing I thought of when I saw the fire truck pull up outside my apartment was, "Shit! I better put a bra on"
Normal looking girl. She's cute seems well liked. But then she opens her mouth and becomes ugly.
O my god its so cold DX
5 hours of messing with chords My fingers are are so numb
Accepted. You're officially a "runner".
thanks for keeping us updated
Im staring at the mess I made as you walked away
It's been another long, great and productive week. And I still managed to stay positive and humble all day:-). so today was a good day~BAMM.
Thanks for the Ustream FOLLOW ME PLZ?? (:
aight cool u good for monday night then
Sounds like you are in the right direction! Only a matter of time before it starts rolling in. Let us know if you need help.
Category 27-b winner is Patrick Dahl Chicago Blackhawks
Thanks for the RT!!! Have a great wknd! :)
another mediocre QB?
Mo can't go out like this. Guy is a winner and won't want to retire with an injury.
What you have to do w/ lowest common denominator TV/movies to try & be relevant. All these dopey reality shows killed it
Don't count out Fins with the Beast.
TWEET YOUR #FatTuesdayMemories today!!! We enjoy them all #LAST1stFatTuesday @ Antigua
revised: stuck in traffic b/c of obama's motorcade; ironic since i'm in boston, not dc
Between watching the Apprentice, the Oscars and political ads a guy could end up in an altered state of reality...beam me up Scottie!
No doubt both are meaningful in their own ways. Both individuals also have certainly lived extraordinary lives.
Thanks to my friend, Louisville Metro Council president Jim King, for introducing me around the Bluegrass Bankers Assoc annual meeting.
Welcome to Portland, take a VHS on your way out.
Many thanks for the MT!
You must read Into Thin Air by Jon Krakauer if you like Everest region. You can go to Everest. I am
: knowing the quality of the cause should change the way we look @ how much $ goes to programs
Married With Children never gets old
Thanks, man. US has to knock down the outside looks. Long rebounds = transition hoops for the Orange = typical disgusting display
that is my ex roommate...but I was too busy to complete task...so usually just ended up getting door shut
Kenan and kel so need to make another good burger movie! Lol
How do you "fix" something that you can't see no matter what labs or testing is done? We only know what they say and how they present.
Mark Cherry might be the only man in the world who truly understands white women...
Identity Festival.2012.Jones Beach. Can not wait.
Thanks for the tip on Socialbro! What a great tool to help better manage my Twitter account. Hope you're having a great weekend
down here bored as €#¤¢ lol
I'm glad you caught that:)
Saints very uncharacteristic with all the turnovers. This is near a record
#TeamHeat all day!!!
This is why I'm ALWAYS in my room.
I miss you too! one week from today! Hang in there!
Every girl has 3 guys in her life: the one that she loves, she hates, and she can't live without. In the end, they're all the SAME guy!
#ala11 RE: Google+ points out that according to Google+ TOS users must be age 18 and older - 18+ which is same TOS for Gmail
Is in the ATL
Wake up twits
"The Greenland Effect" a little sun warmth & a bit if snow melt and WHOOSH the snow crashes from the roof. Like the glaciers
Just kidding! I'm on the season 2 finale of htmiia. But Greg was great!
#Only #Austin #Can #Make #Hashtags #Look #Cool!(;
Julie Taymor is a visionary director... except her visions are terrible.
Ice cold?
Sick at the worst possible time
Pretty sure it's still at 9, at least according to their site. Even if it is really at 8, you know it won't start till 10.
How adorable!! And Ava looks precious too. :)
Illini finish the season in much the same way they played through it, by acknowledging only 35 of the game's 40 minutes.
i decided to take a bow of silence from my family until this #peoplepowermyass problem has been solved.
looks like a squid
you got all night :)
Where is Marley's family? We have had this black lab since Nov! Spread the word about this great pup, here is her adoption flyer:...
Rulactant Yuppies Are In! vitaminwater Uncaps Wale, G40 Art Exhibit; Kicks Off Month-Long Series Of Events With BYT & Art Whino! - Revamp
I'm definately going to wear a scary costume for #halloween. Right now i am leaning towards
hate when that happens!
The only problem w/ the #Browns draft so far is we REALLY DONT KNOW if these guys will pan out. Anyone who GUARANTEES either is silly.
rooting for the wrong team, smh
haha shut up
all i want in life is chipotle
James Kane, keynote speaker at LMA 2012 says gaining loyalty is the new key to success. "Satisfaction is a mood - loyalty is a behavior."
yeah it makes no sense, especially when they make their own snow.
training tonight.
girl ive been doing the same thing! Listening to all of Justins old songs <3 ah I love him.
You don't look heavy to me though!
show last nite was incredible-don't miss him HRC Denver & Seattle if you can help it. Funny. Ponient. Rock God.
thats bogis what they call him but there just haters
It's another #WienerWednesday at Sonny's Tavern. Vegan and beef dogs are only $2.50. It's also trivia night with DJ at 9:30pm.
Is looking forward to attending #ASHE11 in Charlotte for Hopkins.
So, getting tattoos hurts like a bitch.
yeah the GE/Bud ad still didn't do a ton for me even on full volume. Trying too hard to be American/blue collar maybe?
Rest in peace to Oakland Raiders owner Al Davis. Expecting to see the silver and black play big tomorrow in Houston.
Great day for a 20 mile bike ride around Lake Monona.
thanks for the love homie. I appreciate that
hahah i remember target was so strict about clocks. but its on to the next one 🔥house aint ready for adizzle
Of those five, "Fungky Van Den Elzen" is the most puzzling...
The Okay Even-Tempered Fella
Does anyone have an iPhone charger I could use?
i had a successful nap
I enjoy these. Good thing I don't have an ego.
“: I could name a thousand reasons why I hate you, but I could name a million reasons why I love you.”
I got you so wet It's like a rainforest Like Jurassic Park Except I'm your sex-a-saurus baby
Just looked at your CV; so you got BA from Emory 2001. I was off doing fieldwork 1999-2000, so not around a lot. PhD in 2003.
Cal Tech Pentathlon this weekend. Warmups @ 9am, Meet starts @ 10am. 50 Fly, Back, Breast, Free + 100 Individual Medley.
I miss too! And thank you!!
Spring break now please?
Happy Birthday
what time?
RT : Getting into the holiday spirit at with homemade egg nog -- thanks, !
dude let's get real not much of a challenge
Some old Indian guy has been sitting in his car staring at me every time I go to the parking lot.
in the beginning I thought the score seemed about right. After this week, not so much!
Any of you tweeps out there bloggers/journalists that cover urban revitalization projects/events? GREAT even coming up. Msg me to attend!
work overload, caffeine overdose, body that won't cooperate. lovely morning. headed to nara soon.
Not trying to be rude, but your dick gets less action, then a white crayon.
. I found you need to advertise a day ahead. Pacific time for the promo. East coast is going early. 1/3 of mine went by 9:00 MT
Getting started at bookclub talking about how to make change when change is hard.
Ready for the Jedi Council meeting tomorrow @ rgiordan Can't wait!
lyyyyyke oh whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa yeah yeah~
Pinky ring Frodo...
NIGGAS OF WHO.. WHY INSTINCT OF COURAGE
light skinned
Loud and proud RT : Guess who has no sense of volume.. ! Loudest Dude alive...
lol shut up we already went over this lol dnt try to show out twitter ..!! lol
I can't ever be brave 'cause you make my heart race <3
me too!!
With my bestfriend kkkkbye need more info tweet me up ;33
Quod Erat in Veniendum => Which was to be found
awesomeness!! What kine Filipino are you?
Yawn...the NBA strike is over. Darn it, I was hoping for an April settlement.
night my tweetlings turning of my laptop for a new day tomorrow , shitss going dowwnnn<3
I have had dreams and I have had nightmares but I have conquered my nightmares because of my dreams.
I'll take two :)
Thanks for following. Will reciprocate!
Kills me every time.
Yeah im sure you will be FADED!!! Lol
I get the frustration RE: politics. Still unclear how Obama supporting my right to get married hurts you. Explain?
you are cool....
Success everyone can't make that ride with you but if you can meet me half way I GOT YOU
I think you had a bad day
Happy memorial day every one
In a couple years my names Gonna be on that Saints jersey. Then I'm gonna make you bitches pay.
Also,new covers is coming this month!!So excited to get all this started!- Shunt'e!
Michael Jackson Is Our Hero :)
Awe thanks!<3 and sorry I haven't tweeted you in a few days, Ive been really busy.(:
I guess Jesus sat out the 1st half. Hopefully he has a miracle up his sleeve for the second.
You're welcome?
hate being sick :(
Yes, I'm a fan, do you know if they have a show?
"The future is not what it used to be." - Yogi Berra
I hate going to the school..
Man I did it big for Wifey 2day..Dinner Flowers delivered to the house then a drive around town..Oh Boo..Im the shit!!!
Ok. Stupid question: How do I get multiple photos on my INSTAGRAMED PHOTO OF ___________. Thanks.
Sean Spence is going to have a GREAT career with the Steelers
It's so nice to have you tweeting on West Coast time for a change. Enjoy your time in San Diego!
deborah says thank you! ; )
Can't wait to run down by the lake after work!
Wisconsin woman held in dog-napping at DMV office
WHY R U GOING TO THE DOCTOR STALKER!!??
Everything is all about you; you just like me cause I do stuff for you...
Ole's story will run tonight at 550 and 950 on Fox7. Hope to see you both down the MMA road.
Not sure the point of that statement considering the Browns will be making multiple late round picks. Also see: Pacman Jones.
“People with clenched fists can not shake hands.” - Indira Nehru Gandhi
I just posted a picture of the Gordon Grocery Store for you, too. That one is mine and you are welcome to post it to the web.
if nothing else, I have an opinion on these guys. a point of view.
thank YOU!
Ladies Love Me, I'm on my Cool J. <3
thank we think so
Ha ha! It probably does. ;-) Tell me what you think after you're done!
Ass up, nose down.
Don't you know that I'm toxic ;)
2 in 5 years? I think Kim went through more this weekend.
Wondering what lady gaga is wearing this year? O.o
did a nice job at #raincamp atlanta today. Well worth your time and a few dollars
no doubt
English class. #yay... #just kidding
I agree with you guys should have your own reality show. Do you know how many views that what have???
Come on Pack. Let's do it big tonight! Defense!
I need a personal assistant
Not sure I can be alive yet this morning.
you are welcome to join us, but I will come to where you are if it will be easier. Let me know :)
Of course, I miss you. But that doesn't mean the worlds stops spinning. Life goes on, and so do I.
hi laura happy thursday to you
HELL YEAH! RT : And Now...THE AVENGERS -
Tell the folks in DC that! How about some sustained meditation and purposeful action too!
I apologize for my behavior on twitter tonight
Go ahead and throw on
I love my best friend. She means the world to me :) xo
Can't deal with 's non-stop dance party.
Agree he wasn't at 100 percent, but felt he was trying to do something which was more than others at that point
You can also watch the debate on.......N B C!
Thank you for the
You likey that blog?! It's not ours by the way.
GORGEOUS IM RIGHT HERE!
Hit "LIKE" if you'd rather go out to dinner then cook tonight
I'm using it to record double bass. I love using it on low strings
For the next 2 hours swing by Pig and Block Charcuterie and get the deal shown here: 15% off
Happy weekend!! RT : And scene: S&P downgrades US to AA+, Outlook negative
Austin, a quick lesson for you, youngster: You can never go wrong with a good STEAK!“: Hungry....but don't know what to eat?”
o wait! Lol I get it. You think they are rude.... its sometimes true. But I still love them
I think so...
For $10 more RCOYWYSAC comes with a spiders crawling on you feature.
elevator picture beats elevator music
Sorry! It is easy to feel the world is conspiring against you when you keep getting error messages.
Seriously cute story! I love hearing how people met their significant others. (Also, LOVE her dress!)
not relevant. He stinks on Ice
Yeah I will when they sing ok? :)
If you don’t like where you are, then change it. You are not a tree. - Jim Rohn
Watching Saturday Night Fever on AMC. This movie never gets old.
Dude!!!! Did you have as much ass gas as I did the night after eating those beans? LOL!!!
ok I dont wanna be a bother if ur busy
Ha of course you went today when I didnt. Did you get the test back?
ok :D
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact. - William James
Pageant got some talented young ladies
Enough about the finals, it's over. It's time to talk about next year- KOBE WILL GET 6!!!
I got another one of "those" e-mails today. Now they want in Tacoma, Washington. I told them to stand by :)
Will do, it's a wild ride tonight!
Do you have to be an ugly hillbilly to be on Jerry Springer?
Sometimes I wake up to wondering where I am! And I was not even wasted or was I? I don't remember but I swear I never seen that guy before
Congratulations Pippa and Robert!! :)
Vikram please get C the fuck away from Barack and his idiot pay Czar. Who the hell is this clown to tell you how much you can pay?
What's an EMP? An Emerging Museum Professional! Less than 10 yrs in the field? Want to connect with other EMPs? Follow us!
hahaha not them! Another band:)
Yes Thanks For Asking Love<3
Tomorrow, special screening of #Avengers thank you very much #Boston Herald!!!
It's DERBY DAY!! Come on down to the Cow and enjoy a tasty rita and a $10 sirloin as you watch the most exciting 2 minutes in sports!
I'm slightly concerned about possibility of quarantine w/ swine flu checks at every border xing. Officials don't like feverish Americans.
Sundresses are great for the summer. You get a nice even tan on your shoulders, etc. Just not appropriate for work.
yuck no smacking of food while u eat
Maybe takeout and Star Trek/Princess Bride/Young Victoria?
Metta World Peace isn't suspended 7 games, but Ron Artest is.
Ha, yup!
I like ISO 8601. Way more than My Funny Valentine.
2011 Taxes: Done!
Where is the best place in LA to take agency workshops so they can see my work?
well. When I move from Ohio to Cali. You and faitheypoo are my bestfriends. That's all I'm gonna say(:
#CoachellaLive what the hell is Lauren Hill wearing?
I swear I be so open over here for this girl I know im gone lose SMH #ithinkiloveher lol
The Spelman College Museum of Fine Art celebrates Spelman College Founders Day The Annual Spelman College Founders Day Convocation,...
When I die I hope I'm buried face down, so people who don't like me can KISS MY ASS
The faster I learn not to care, the better off I'll be.
I just wanna go home and eat my subway but no, I still have to cook and clean -_-
”An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision.” - James MacNeill Whistler.
he had too much time on his hands -_____-
RT : We've got a lecture on your favorite topic: SHARKS! Saturday April 21st 10 am - 11 am at the Tijuana River Estuary...
ain't nothing but a houseparty yeah STARRING AMANDA FUCKING PALMER YAY
your sissy has skills
got those little stupid things gettin' to ya , huh?
Trying to figure out what movie to watch with my baby boy!
Paul Kariya AND Chris Osgood both retire in one offseason?! Our childhood Heroes are dwindling sad to say...
bai guys. ~ - my eyes hurt, so i need sleep. c: ily.
Ohh shit did you hear that??? Lol :p RT “: I'm kinda scared #NoLie. House too quiet.”
sorry. Twitter did it. Not Me.
Is there really such a thing as "application-specific passwords" for a given GMail account?
wow. i have no clue but on ur grandmas bday, dont u wanna spend it with her
People want to se movies that mean something - Mitchell.
you lie,i cry the tears turn into pain when and why did we start playing this game.? #NewSongImMaking!<33 like??
Found my buddha is pink first, because I goggled "I realized I'm Buddhist." What are your others?
Hey #12ntc: I want to talk to someone about petitions and tumblr. Not together, ha. Just have questions. Who wants to chat???
On MTV TR3S Great Memories!
Join us as Dr. Dianne Pinderhughes discusses Being President, Barack Hussein Obama, tomorrow at 10AM in the JSU Student Center!
I hope I anther with you , but I think I will be all over the place lol see you in the am !!!
Why would you care? They matter about.. this much.
Brrr it's cold out again, warm up with a hot shower! Call us about our tankless water heater specials 919-325-0180
Philip Crosby says "Quality is the all-important catalyst that makes the difference between success and failure" ;)
im tired but i wanna do something tonight......
oh boy. last minute of play in game 7. Rangers still lead by 1
err, rather on Wed. whatever day it is ;)
it was awesome seeing you!! Can't wait for the next time we see each other gonna be crazy haha
I'll take it RT : #Chicago long term weather forecast says #March will be warmer then usual but a wet month.
seems a little unfair to have a funded vs unfunded companies competing?
poor Canada, no respect. "Canada! America's hat!"
Come on down! We are open until 10:30 tonight. RT : I could use some of 's Champagne Sangria right now.
#SQL Temp DB is heavily used in #SP2010; The one you want to optimize first; Change Pre-Size to 25% of largest content database
Ok....that will work for you with a nice pair of white pants
In an 80's mood today? Head down to for Ladies 80's +90's!!
LOVE my new job.(:
I’ve not only taken the dive back into writing, I’ve become fascinated with how writers are using social media to build their careers
Sec. Squier rejects call for public Medicaid restructuring task force; failure to involve Indian tribes may violate state law htt
how are you?? what are you up to these days? still in LA?
Lake Show.
Take my hands before I kill.
it was crazy!!
sorry my comp died right as I finished burning Michele's copy but I'll have it tonight
To whoever stole our Christmas lights: We hope your Christmas was merry and BRIGHT!
My CDC class was fantastic today...put a lot into perspective for me and reminded me why im here. :-)
Thoughts and prayers to fellow Hoosiers in southern Indiana.
Wouldn't surprise me but no time to be bitter now.
I've never seen this movie. Looks boring
Urg. Tough morning, and it's only 9 a.m.
sounds like girls night, plus Duy...again. Lol!
Hope you had fun in Sin City and are enjoying staying connected with our mifi!!
Thought I couldn't love more than I already did! Guess I was wrong
Denver Zombie Crawl and Victorian Fetish Ball are on the same day... my poor face will not like all the different makeup!
I am at the Internet2 meeting & listening to and engaging in discussions about the role of I2, regional networks, campuses, private sector.
yeah :D RT thats true lets go:p
Thanks for the info on family-friendly places with great food and beer!
Today, NFL players officially ratify new Collective Bargaining Agreement
Capitalist (so called) democracies.. Or. Capitalist bourgeois democracies... AD thanks #ows do opening up anti capitalist dialogues.
Oh hail it's hailing
Getting close to end of DISPOSABLE LIVES. Then editing. Ugh.
Interesting. Didn't do that. Are you Mr. Viddy?
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!7
When people yell uncontrollably while working out.
Dang it. Mavs. Well....another first Round playoff exit after a trip to the finals. No bueno.
What will happen with Max Siegel's company? Max indicates it will continue without him. I'm not convinced that will happen.
RT : #Milwaukee want a slice of #pizza the size of your head? Come get some for only $1!!!
As I said before, I never repeat myself.
I will take your word on that! Lol
My man BowWow, hope to God you don't do nothing stupid to yourself and everything. Still praying for you
Are you FUCKING kidding me ...
M... anchovies
honestly love seeing you having a great time with your mates. xoxxx
Coming soon: new radio and streaming specials with Smashing Pumpkins and Nickelback. Msg me for details. Available now: Janes Addiction...
wish you were here Johnny...
your journey into the train does not end at the door
Good luck Ken...wish you the best. Have a great time.
Lets Go Giants!
Clang clang goes the trolley?
It's all good Adam. We're just tired of great players like yourself having to carry all the weight every…single…season.
Making Ted Nugent paper dolls for Tye!
sick of jank producers down here looking to get with someone that's about business
Hey #pdx I am cooking up some fun for us all from . I can't wait to share the details
Dear kid whippin the grandma car, Your not at cool as you think! <3 Me
Elephants are the only mammals that cannot jump.
Long list of things to be cleared for use in films, right down to tattoos (view from the deep pockets side of things)
Dragons are a wonderful creature.
Twitter is no longer serving me well. Someone give me a good reason to keep it.
Now I'm home and my emotions can finally let loose.
same here cat feces
When you leave your hair in a bun while its wet so when you take it out its damp and looks greasy<<<<
sending you love, continued strength and ☺.
Ever so welcome! Have a great #follow Friday!
Let's dream big! A nice #quote to remember and inspire you~~: All successful people men and women are big dreamers. - Brian Tracy
Some people are just like summer .. NO CLASS. 😒
I love the song beautiful ppl #chrisbrown but not as much as WMYB
Can't wait for Justin's new single to come out!
When the product is right, you don’t have to be a great marketer. Lee Iacocca
They should do a "we wish they were in a memorial montage" montage. I'll start: Steven seagal
Legs crossed towards each other= unequivocal sex invite.
Up hungry as shit
Ha(: #schoolisCool pretty please follow
While I b watching these old black movies I notice all the Jordan's.
Hi Julie - I loved your "spread too thin" blog post and am so glad to have found you - very much grappling with same things...
Sounds good! Where are you going?
Yes, it's cool that some Twitter apps let you post to multiple accounts but I too often post from the *wrong* account. I hate that!
Welcome To The City of NYC!!! Welcome To Gang Green!!! Your A Great Player Coming To A Great Team, Wish You Nothing But The Best!
Hm...tend to think glitzy gimmick...don't think it transforms learning.
Wish I could take the credit, but our guys did a great job. Thanks.
Thank you!!
Kinsey Sadler - Sometimes I Forget - getting some great airplay - breaking through the charts!
My Chemical Romance <3
thank you, yours was fantastic and professional and full of awesome.
I measure my life by how happy people are to actually SEE me. So far, so good :D Of course, some still RUN
RT : Could you please refer to us as seattlepi.com in future tweets? The Post-Intelligencer no longer exists
“: hey, how's the hair doing?” I'm rockin it. ;) I think I may trim it this weekend. We'll see.
That awkward moment when you hangout with someone yu don't knoww..
don't you mean 40 Year Old Virgin?
Tony Parker should be more concerned with reporters rioting at this presser than which school he should choose.
The Ready Set in L.A. Day 4
It's not that I'm so smart, its just that I stay with problems longer. Albert Einstein. Stick to it. Perseverance is priceless. :) MONDAY
Tomorrow, the Hot Club will be at Bistrot Lepic and Wine Bar with vocalist Esther Haynes. 7pm no cover.
Too bad we got kicked out of every club we went to last night and I talked hella shit just cuz I'm 21 and I can! Bitches
It would take me over 90 minutes to get from my house in Hamilton to Penn Station, about 5 miles away. Stupid !
I see you looking at my page! Click the LIKE button!
I Love you
I would love to come up and guest lecture.
that did it -- thanks!
And, she's back.
So, i would totally love to have do my hair. Shes fucking gorgeous!!
21 years riding the NYC subway lines.
That awkward moment when you sing the wrong part of a song with confidence
Good morning Villagers! How was everyone's weekend? Did you do anything fun?
What is his model?
I surely will lovee !
#hackedbymamamahone you go mama!
how is the peanut bacon muffin? And how is it made? Looks fab!
Nearly out of #TraderJoes pomegranate white tea, can't complain to them on Twitter as if it's their fault, because they don't have one.
Soaking up the sun
loved your dress for the #GoldenGlobes! Looked amazing!
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :I watched TV shows begging of the earth. Smart?
Can't stand how hotel internet isn't free. Not about to spend $51 to have internet access for 4 days. Bah!
hope you didn't watch it to figure that one out
I'm the same way. Math is torture, but I'm quite good at it. Maybe it's a girl thing?
Observation for yesterday: You must surround yourself with #positive people. Someone is always there to try to bring you down.
haha....those days have passed for me....hoops...5k races and the occasional run down black diamond trails is my speed. ;o)
Oh yay it's midnight and i'm at work.
Oh Pandora just answered wit Dip It Low [Christina Milian]
After a bottle of vino all commercials seem funnier
You need a guard who can match Parker (check) a big who can defend (check) and a deep bench (check).
Still Levitating
Cameron told Latrice "I'm not seeing the family resemblance, ya'll look like friends in a Tyler Perry movie!!! Hahahahahahahahaha
you rock. lol.
Apple store = hell
- My heart skips a beat, when I see you<3
You're welcome! RT This is a special shout-out for the terrific for making magic happen! Thanks from the heart!
and it can't spell anything
"Every person who has mastered a profession is a skeptic concerning it." ~George Bernard Shaw
You think Dion could be a lottery pick?
If watching the primary tonight, I would ditch cable channels & go to WGN -- they have Chicago local coverage, better source for IL returns
Getting drunk with
Finally feeling better after a long nap.
Hide those Holiday gifts! 50% off 5x10 climate controlled units!
even give up that prospect that supposed to be the next big thing? The one whose apartment smells of rich mahogany?
blah blah fuck a blogger and his bystander opinion watching from home. It was his first US show..
just bought my first cigar without getting asked for my I.D! Score: Katherine: 1 fourteen-yr old look: 0
The last two sessions I have gone to have been filled up.
Somthin happened to my twitter page?? looks DOPE though.
Read articles by Temple, Chantal , , John Elder Robison, Lucy Jane Miller & the creators of PECs-in MAY #AADigest !
Superplay(: Well off to see the Wizard.!
One day I'll be good enough for you; but until then, I'm good enough for God. <3
“ federal programs= all our money (taxes) so why not reap the benefits and is only giving me bak my $$?!
-You say you hate me, but i still love you so try me cuz dat wont last foreva on my count. Cuz you know you still love me bestie
So sad that I'm out of the office right this moment. ;)
If you want to return to MLS and KC doesn't play nicely, let us know and we/at least I will pressure SKC for you (as a SKC fan)
i don't care what they say cause i know what i am
S/O to man, nigga gave me 3 dope 16's for the project #G2T$
Excited to have Cristina Pattuelli to talk about #lodlam and her Linked Jazz project!
wow beautiful :)
Too short of a visit to SF.......highly productive, but no time for dim sum.......
announces renewal funding for homeless services. 2012 will be a busy year!
In #Decatur? PDF Research Advocate Brenda Greene arranged for #Parkinson's resources to be at today's senior health fair
RT Loki is my new favorite villain. I'd like to see him and Magneto face off by reading Milton or something.
where are you!?! I gotta deal for you!
Just completed Week 2 - Day 3 (completed 0.77mi with run pace of 36:45 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app
haha. Hey neighbor:)
Sorry everybody for the Twitter spam. I had an #ifttt recipe go a bit crazy. Remember kids, with great power comes great responsibility...
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head.
I don't need drugs, I play video games.
depends on how severe. Put lots of aloe on it after cooling it, and it won't blister at all
I got a laptop baybee :) I have to get it connected to the internet though.
So great to meet you as well. Let's keep in touch.
Flop City.
I met the surgeon general - he offered me a cigarette. ~ Rodney Dangerfield
Good karma is one of the few things left that you can still get for a dollar.
We have to read The Hunger Games for our summer reading shit. FUCK YES
I actually have two families. My beautiful family. And my beautiful Swifties<3
haha, close to my real initials silly! NCD :)
not sure welcome to twitter
OMG THANK YOU!! RT : Ladies, I don't know how to tell you but um..... Duck lips in your pictures are NOT cute!!!!!
Wasnt with me shootin on my driveway
there doing big things how can u be a "business" these days with out a we code people hit them up asap
Billey #Talen is a homosexual... I bet it will come out soon
Happy Saturday!
I'm sorry boo!
Hi thanks for the follow!
Are you familiar with the book entitled The Courageous Follower?
I need vodka in and around my mouth... STAT!!!
Watching the play, Three Year Swim Club with
They are way cuter by themselves than they are with my feet in them.
Good Morning and Happy Wednesday!
bingo :) all-seeing
“: Just turned on the Red Wings #makingmywhitefriendsproud” aw yeah!!
“: #10ThingsThatAnnoyMe Drama. The only kind of drama that there should be is of the acting variety.” agreed
Well thanks!! Filming a video for a #newsong this weekend! Coming soon :)
Enjoying inflight wireless access while flying back to West Palm Beach for current writing-training-consulting hospice project.
sure thing, I thought so too.
We can evade reality, but we cannot evade the consequences of evading reality. Ayn Rand
only about 10 mins (compared to 20 before) and its right by the rapid so i could take that to work! Win & win!
yessir....dm us your email and we will send that to you!
Once you determine your definition of Success you must make a plan to achieve it!
Listening to mariah carey about to fall to sleep. I love u mariah carey
Flossing is my hobby. What of it?!?!
Sandy, are you speaking of #social boom?
Heck yes - Can't wait!!! #BacheloretteParty #LetMeSeeYourHandsUp!
Nope, it was in response to the "Evil Empire" (NYY) RT : sure Raider Nation is the undisputed "Nation" originator!
Fuck bitches get money they catch feelings n get ugly !
I'm sorry, what language are you speaking? It sounds like bullshit.
oh! Got it! Step into the 23rd century. Put away your dell an android, and prepare to make life awesome! And easy...
AUSTIN no one do a dance party in a limo!! Only you #YOLO <3
bahaha, I got scared for a second!
Q3 What makes a good (successful) student entrepreneur?
what's wrong
Purple, green, and black (and sometimes blue)
In the car and out of fucking nowhere I hear, "I'm too sexy for my cat." +10 to the radio station that plays Right Said Fred.
Feng shui, overwhelming, at first, then just falls into place so exquisitely.
About to implement a strategy I learned from Special Ops session at #blend12: let students brainstorm answers to final essay b4 writing it
Also thanks to all my friends at National Journal for a great three years of covering the budget and appropriations process.
Sooner or later the real you shows up... Keep it real!
are there any you are really active in? I think those are better than a bunch you just join *because*
Congrats! Great job!
There's something so cozy about listening to Speak & Spell. Makes me happy. I was SO young when that came out!
The most pitiful among men is he who turns his dreams into silver and gold.
Enjoying the LDS first presidency Christmas devotional. Loved Uchdorf's talk!
RT I love and the Old Man. They. Make a great pair!! ": RT if you think the Old Man and Chumlee make a great team!"
G.G. knows who she can pull that pretend bad girl act with. Somebody give her a reality check.
That is a cool feature.
LOL ok u had permission to help. :/
This game is going to give me a panic attack!
Hello world im lit!!!!!!
All good dude. If they played a little better 1H, would have been a totally different game.
Happy Father's Day to the best daddy in the world, even though he wrestles too rough with me sometimes! Ruv Roo, !!!!!!!!!
is it me or is the media not really seeing the bigger issue here? Also, only focusing on what they want to in Bo's interview..
I'm in DC about once a year. Will look you up when I'm out your way. Hope all is well!
That's what Gomez Addams is, right?
Busted by the ranger for walking in the creek! Our tax dollars at work.
#iPhone #4S Slowing iPhone Demand Hits Profit at AT T
Shoutout To My Cool New Followers -
I know spring training is meaningless but these #Tigers games r fun listening to. Only 1 loss so far!
lmao damn I feel for u then
Why Dave Mustaine? Why?!?!?!?!
RT : whenever you make a mistake don't worry about covering it up, God wants to cover you
See the Disney Dancers, Racing Sausages, Ronald McDonald, Santa Claus and more at the Holiday Parade on Saturday--9:30 am in downtown MKE.
what did it say?!
DEAR PERIOD, WHY DID U HAVE TO BE MADE IN A GIRL BODY?! From, Girls All Around the world
That's when I love you when I need you when I care about you that's when I know for a doub I can't live without you
So with all the great events this past weekend did anyone discover some new local places in Chicago?
Discussed economic development, education and neighborhood issues with Mayor Soglin. Smart guy!
Members Card Golden State +8 (25 units)
Getting ready to get my haircut!
me too :( pasta!
Zac Efron's friends 'trash his backyard'
not that I have any evidentiary proof. (this jokey thread should probably never have started)
I hate everything right now.
I like how these niggas just 💦over me haha its cute 😘☺💜
nope its ok...if ur a crazy cat lady!?!?! :P
Crab cakes and a New York strip... Gotta love Prime.
A clean, to the point, yet attractive one-sheet can go a LONG WAY. Make that pitch count!
Bedtime . Bye
Lisa. You're Fired. Music. Dancing. The bleeding in my ears has stopped.
RT If I have to sacrifice my principles of constitutionalism to vote for Mitt, what do I get in return? What's in it for me?
Had a freaky nightmare that involved a clown):
Also a 99% chance that person works for Microsoft.
posting on twitter
Josh Hamilton can kiss my white ass. Single-handedly destrying me in fantasy baseball this week. 9 fucking homeruns?! 'Roid test time I say!
Let's get drunk ^_^
Bronx is up there as best pizza spot in #sandiego. knows her pizza! enjoy.
If you want flipping to work then the learners must know they will be expected to show their new performance on the job.
Without God's word we are all in trouble.
actualy it's "I hold it all when I hold you" so true: )
I know! Happy Endings is the best!!!
It's a beautiful day in the Bay!
Feelin' lucky? Lol will I get lucky? :P I got u, boo
no problem .. what's ur nationality btw?
We're here for a reason; we are all broken.
Its going to be another beautiful day!!!
So go and tell your friends that I'm obsessive and crazy, that's fine, I'll tell mine you're gay.
So i think when you go to Yarhoo.com it should be a pirate version of yahoo.com, #whatdoyouthink ?
"The most important skill we need to impart to our students is learning to learn." I love this!
Wher Brad and his homeboys hang tonight?? I feel like beatin his ass.
The Sedins must be adopted, no way they are Swedish lol
yeah, similar to fragments. but people dont go crazy over fragments
Going to watch two crazy kids get married. Me? Sorry, ladies, I'm already hitched - to this damn head cold.
Hype about the new film Texas Killing Fields', filmed in texas with up and coming actress Deneen Tyler. Can't Wait!!
.ikr. at this rate he's gonna get killed by a truck and we are all going to have to switch to progressive.
IN LIKE 20 RT when u gon be here?
Part of the British landing party that stayed with the boats are having issues launching due to the ice protruding off Lechmere’ s point.
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear You missed a spot
Testing conversation history. Hi!
that GS quote is perfect for you.
-YOU are the BEST! Thanx doll! just emailed you! let me know when works! mmwaa xox
hey rob how are you and ro doing!?? Xx
thank you!
ALex.. Marry me?
so glad aubrey is gone, she is transparent and not someone the trumps should consider an apprentice
aww thx guys not only is #RavenNation the greatest fans but great people in general. I Really wish I could be there
cos you secretly watch it ALL the time. while wearing a tux.
R I P to my nigga Lil Steve. Gone but not forgotten
RT : I hate being Bipolar. It's fantastic.
Great pic! (And YES to all those flavors!)
not too great...I'll be ok tho & yourself?
I once dropped a girl off to her mans house..when I got there, I met the nigga..(hickies all on my neck)..dumbass couldnt put 2n2 together..
Today's top Consensus Plays in Tournament Action are VCU +4.5, FAU +10, Long Beach St +8.5, and Montana at a PK. Good Luck.
did u dm me
Noah's ankle. Why is Taj limping?! What is happening.
Reading the The Three Marriages by David Whyte, awesome book on life, work and relationships to self and others. Beautifully written, very …
What if the Gospel writers threw in the virgin birth to appeal to the followers of the Mithra and Dionysian religious cults? Then what?
na. I didn't think he would b on here. Send me his info
Playing wsop $1600 main in west palm beach. Up to 37k from 20k starting stack at 100-200 25 ante on a really wild hand.
Not sure, but I seem to be the only one in the office with the new size...
Tripe checking. Is that like a gut check?
bill oreilly is a mile wide and an inch deep!!!
Thanks! I hope everyone enjoys the weekend!
yup. I think/hope I'm free now, but thank you for letting me know!
its alright. Il post a video and send you a link
what do you do when you should be excited for something but you're finding it hard to give a fuck?
Cleaned the gutters and worked on accepting that we're not going to have winter this year. Trying not to imagine what summer will be like.
And Ketchup finally ends the winless streak! Alleluia!
#Str8LykeDes.. Gone live life....
Haha we should tag all of them(:
Hello Twittiverse. Who is joining me tonight for #CMLbookchat?
Looks like I'm goin to bed early tonight:/
watched the movie twice, only in our modern age could the #STOPKONY message spread take the time and make him famous
Pleasure! Already enjoying your tweets and looking forward to more. :)
Do you know what happens when you give a procrastinator a good idea? Nothing! - Donald Gardner
and you still haven't started?
Jacked for the first baseball game of the season tomorrow night!!!
THANKS-GIVING, A real man THANKS the lord for his woman, her love, & for having his back. He's GIVING her good sex, honesty, & loyalty.
Even just turning on computer/opening files to catalog alters the hard drive/timestamps/artifact. Archivist's nightmare.
One of my besties is coming to stay with me for a couple days :)
way to go joe from the air
Great! And I will sit here and brace myself for jealousy.
Lol. Jorge is also a compulsive liar, and barely speaks english. But Jacob is just a lovey guy so..
#DuringTheSummer I want to travel out of state.
#FF More great must follow #SXSW new contacts @ agoratek
Am reading an intriguing book, "Leader on the Couch" by Manfred Kets de Vries with goal of learning new ways to help clients.
I am making zero apologies for listening to "I Just Called to Say I Love You" right now.
... Don't I know it. I tried to calculate how many edits it would take... And gave up!
So sorry to not be there to investigate! i know you will get good coverage from KIMA... keep them informed!
Pisses me off tht so many women choose to lie on their back because its easy money..
are you in San Diego for Halloweener? What are you going to be? miss you #sister!
� Soul-mates are people who bring out the best in you. They are not perfect but are always perfect for you. �
Someone tweet me 😊
Obama: We now have Cordray to protect American jobs. I was able to give him this job b/c the Repubs were sitting at home not doing theirs.
I swear I am never spending $10 at McDonald's ever again.
Lucky you! Our visit on Saturday was great. Atmosphere is unique & tranquil. The Indian was still in the corner
6 days left of highschool...it's going by way to fast now 😔
I tried polling people to see if anyone cared, but only responded.
What!! Why did they do that?! Haha poor meesha
Awesome! I will cheer them on!
people still use Google+?
i love this. you DO look so healthy!!!
The ability to use any public restroom and not touch anything with my hands is my superpower.
I tried to hunt down the source. Maybe JM got it. It could be one of those "stats" that never is backed up.
India is planning a "solar atlas" to map the intensity of the sun's rays to find the best location for solar technology....
I dare you...
Well hello there, May. It's about time. Is it just me or did April seem to go extra long this year?
Thank God that y'all are ok.
Finally getting to read 's first book (and loving it!) Have wanted to for so long! Spring break FTW
RT : my son just made the most decadent, gooey toffee brownies thanks to can we start the resolutions tomorrow?
"Eat more fresh food," they say. Here's the reality for those on $1.50/day w/spinach: Canned: 98¢, frozen: 1.25, fresh: 1.69
So you must have ordered 2 servings of mashed potatoes right?
The Sounds of the Season station went from Halloween Tunes to Christmas. I guess there aren't a lot of Thanksgiving songs.....
Good thought... That was my rationale for THX-1138; I don't think we'd have Star Wars without it.
Can't wait! #fordla RT : Our 4th Annual LAVida Music Festival is scheduled at for Sunday night, September 2nd!
Eli playing up the country bumpkin angle tonight. Seems to be working. Not bad so far.
I am wearing my t-shirt
Another ellasport capris fan! Just got a GREAT email from :) Can't wait to see the Bar Method pics!
Thats awesome! Very much appreciated
If you look for something bad, you'll find it
In my 5 sections of #LIB100 one student defined "abstract" terribly wrong. He writes, "an abstract is when something is mysterious"...oh no!
Lmao girl I'm late -_- lol I hope I'm not late for actual practice
If you need some protips, let me know.
I'm not lol I'm the only heat that's representing I got their back
BUT...you made it. That's what is key. You brought something new into the world
Rooms Thank you for following us!
don't blame the tool ;)
Free twitter promotion on the url on my page. Works great for all networks. Try it. BTW, follow 4 follow? :)
The Harlem Globetrotters are here signing autographs and taking pictures with our families!
Change is also a training ground for leadership
Just made an Elvis Costello reference to a student and she said "Oh wait, I think I've heard of him..."
Great lunch Chicken toes, onion rings, and Troegenator are the way to go!
Me and went to the same high school! HARBORFIELDS REPING IT!
One day to DUCK DAY!
Should I follow him? RT Ran over to Walgreen's to get a prescription filled. What a beautiful day!
hey gourgusee. (: imma miss u tonight;)
We following you guys now, do work!
Reason to #party today: Something good is happening to someone somewhere! like ur friend, family, biz associates,random dude at starbucks!
hey I'm sorry... I've been in a lot of pain this pregnancy, how you been?q
Hey everyone complaining that Grammy's are delayed on west coast: Step away from your computer, go do something productive, and watch at 8pm
your best addiction is my beard ;)
Call Exotic Collision Center today for a free estimate (339)224-3771 .
He sat next to the fire. The fire was warm. It was good to be near the warm fire.
you got that right!
Warm thanks for the kind #mention !
#ICantStandPeople who tell you to walk faster in the but when they get in front of you, they walk even slower than you were before. -_-
no doubt. I was poking at one arrowhead Dr and the cheapest team money can buy. Definitely makes me appreciate skc ownership
Also, I wonder how this wouldhave gone down pre-internet
what's up brotha
shit changed my life.
for the picture compliment, pool shark. :)
Who knew that raisinets and pinot were so good? Thank you Steve and thank you Halloween!
please follow me!!! i want very much
Oh... I see. But hopefully it can be reduced!!
when one teaches from electronic texts, one is also committing oneself to tech support.
wow, why are you there?
I kid you not - so wet here a baby frog just leapt onto the patio doors to avoid drowning! Think it was 1st responder to my "Arks R us" sign
Jessica Simpson will eat BBQ in the middle of a tornado. Fact. Check. That.
Itus for the night me 2 RT : ...but I'm bout to K.O
For a gallant spirit there can never be defeat.
I'm a light sleeper but a heave dreamer <3
What do you do to fix this Bucks mess? Sadly I'm not sure this is rock bottom yet.
Watching a bunch of people I know tweet from MLA when I'm at work is a bit of a bummer...
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 45
... omg watching Tamera getting married , im finna Cry </3 , wish i had that !
I'm multi-tasking
Leslie, great being connected. Hope to give my acting/modeling workshop in GA this Fall. You can read more at www.HowToModel.com.
A deflated ego is a virtue on its own...I shared a seat with mine on a taxi ride home.
No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave-Calvin Coolidge
Parking Day is a go on Milwaukee Street near Wells. Come hang out with the crew and others until 2. yfrog.com/mfjp9uj
Do you ever have live music on the show?
MU better not lose to Murray. That's my accountants* name. (*Bookie)
I assumed he was off making up for lost time with Jenna
Great clothing swap party!! New clothes for free! yay!!! :)
Make my dream come true</3
I like it!
The Modern Family Disneyland Episode is on
looks good
(: I'm writting a speech :/
I'm so damn emotional
I've noticed an increased amount of product placement on tv shows, specifically electronics.
Bout to get back into this twitter movement
My place of employment has a trial subscription to the The Vogue Archive from Proquest. I may have just cried a little.
do it “: Do it RT Free Beer at Emo's all night! No cover. Do it. #Sxsw”
Anyone in Baltimore have a used bike that they want to sell? I may know a buyer.
It's interesting how difficult challenges don't seem so difficult when an #agile team is willing
I'm surrounded by morons.
listening to the rebirth
yep. i totally do.
i produce.
- WOW! Super interesting and ironic! Thanks a lot, sir! I think I would say I am in boat 3 on this one… What do you think doc?
dont do the bob !!!
maybe, the MLB website hasn't changed at all though =/
Marguerite Duras~ In love there are no vacations No such thing. Love has to be lived fully with its boredom and all that.
On a road with grand kid R
Got burritos from my fave mexican joint downtown and the one time I forget to ask for the dipping sauce, they forget too :/
Cookie Cutters hair salon! The stylists all do side makeup and perfume though!
Never let anyone control what your destine to reach which is greatness!
Appreciate the RT's :)
someone thinks I am someone else, Dawn Reese Show is A New show that is out , and there are other Dawn M Reese out there, Do your Research
Please like us on Facebook! You can find us by searching rx2you
Woman in stretch pants, smoking a cigarette, shouts at me while I speed past her: BIKE PUSSY!
RT GanstaProfeciez Fly money is the life I chose
Pitt sucks
sick thanks! Where r u from?
did you guys find Angel yet? :(
Big thanks to for joining us in our discussion of David Fincher's THE SOCIAL NETWORK. It was a lot of fun!
can i unbutton your buttons(;
Pretty sure vincente Padilla was an extra in the movie scarface.... He is rocking that mullet tonight
hahah we can take her to the concert too
27 for #linsanity last night..I might have to start watching the #Knicks again..
My mom racing my step dad is literally an accident waiting to happen
of course! :)
I look at it differently,when u r growing a plant Who don't know how it's going to turn out but u hope 4 a gorgeous flower RT
Drew D has to be standing on a box, Trace is 6 ft 6 in
Good morning. All well with everyone?
I've got 24 days to do an excessive amount of work and to find a job...I'm scared out of my mind
In the Meet the Zend developers session at Zendcon... more fun than I was expecting.
Hello Fascination
sleep. have to practice during the week.
Most people believe that selling dangerous drugs next to bubble gum and candy bars is a bad idea. Do we need to tell you why?
here is an interesting idea: What if one could text 911 for help?
Heart to heart talk wiv myfwend
whatever you say davis.
Looking forward to working with you guys!!
Used to ride little buses. I didn't fux wit my teachers, they didn't fux me neither. 15, getting high off reefer.
Idea: Miller Park marching band; bring local high school marching bands in to play something after the national anthem is sung.
Great stuff. RT : W (Wins) : L (Loses) :: WISH (Wins In Spite of Hurdle) : LBH (Loses Because of Hurdle)
Tell us how you to plan to ring in the New Year?
So dey mad cause im moving far north...come on family...i need to be away from errybody...
#teamescaladetx to find out what everyone is talking about go to TeamEscaladeTexas.com
lol i was so confused. Thanks :) it was good. Good shit
lol dude nice new vid!and thanks so much for thaat shoutout!!!!means a lot!
MY PRAYERS ARE WITH YOU...
thank you! You have a great day too.
It's a more common issue with girls than guys that is.
Time for The Video Dead. Love this movie something fierce!
Ordered Sibelius 6 upgrade. Moderately exciting; it's supposed to be a lot more clever about spacing things.
Wow, haven't been on here in a minute!! What up Twitter World!
Men I know u mad at your Babys momma send a card in the mail she is a mom & come get the kids so she can have a moms break.
just good ol' instagram!
"The more love you have for God, the less fear you'll have for everything else."
Misread headline. Thought library had adult films "Library launches program for adults and film lovers" #historyofobscenity class to blame.
Thank You! It's been great so far!
Churches need to star Skyping confessionals.
Just ate at razzos
Thus begins the season of visual molestation as people unveil their nasty toenails through season appropriate footwear.
DM me you email address young lady
#airlines Flight 1339 has a software update? Don't you think they should do that at another time? Friend is first class too!
I'll be (occasionally) live-tweeting the SD Unified school board mtg tonight from Follow me there
Keep up the good work on the podcast!!!
You noo u fucked up when , you catch yourself watching a blank TV lmao gud night
I love me martial's bbq
makes Sticky Rice look like Burger King.
snow in new england. shits kraykray.
Don't worry just keep wishing & one day it'll come true that's what happened to me:)
This morning I wake up to a big surprise my dad bought me ticket to an Asking Alexandria concert :3 This will be my 2 concert :)
yup yup! Underneath the covers?
Finna be on my college shit soon
$2.50 You Call Its Tonight! Bulls @ Charlotte 6pm
Join us tomorrow for a Coffee Seminar. We will be roasting coffee in store and explaining how each roast effects flavor. 11a.m.-noon
I am too old to have #JustinBieber and #OneDirection going through my head most of the day...
Excellent! I'll email you some of my ideas soon - psyched!!
Favorite Panel @ IFP today "Case Study: Tiny Furniture." Inspired by 's film itself & story of moving from student to SXSW star.
I have cried since receiving the news. I don't know quite what to say. All I know is when God made Whitney Houston he broke the mode.Gnite
Planned Parenthood founder Margaret Sanger helped win Dr. Gräfenberg's release from prison so he could leave Germany in 1940...
*I think you mean rotten. But you're fucking disgusting 😂
Should be an interesting next 45 minutes.
i need to fuckin party
Lmao RT : IT'S GONNA RAIN! MOTHER ACTUALLY LOVED HER GIFT!!! 😱🙌🙏 she usually returns everything
Watching the fit &nd health channel;
If I had to do it all again... I'd still paint :)
Does #jeremylin hav a Twitter account cuz I can't find it
I need that #Thoroughbred 💰💰💰
sorry I missed you this weekend! I've been cooped up working on my portfolio. Espresso date soon?
yeah Tenacious D!!! :-)
Our nap much too long, Old black tomcat licked my nose Roughly with fish breath.
fan perspective...which condemns players more, participate in a bounty or on strike ?? best answers RTd
Happy Monday to my new twitter friends Have a great week!
HAHAHA!! We should slide down the hallway together! You don't know what you're missing : )
Say its so
Wife keeps hoping #secretcircle will get better but she is losing hope. Finally.
New research from : Women over 50 feel invisible at retail and to marketers. Yet more vibrant and more connected.
they need you on organ bro. Lol
is looking for an #Oracle #DBA for a full time role il #Lexington, KY
Just home at this point.
Via : #BREAKING: Police investigate package sent to World Financial Center with what appears to be a grenade
I'm pretty sure the only way to counter their evil spam plan is to provide the real link to pictures of you naked
You can bend light, but not time. Prove it.
Come by and support your SF GIANTS. get your Coors Lights all night long!!
If my blood was red .......wait......what.....my blood is blue n red n I'm a little white....it got me looking like the American flag.....ha
its kinda cool how your picture looks like it has a speaking box on the side. Looks like youre proclaiming things to twitter
your guy will be drafted soon here. Blackmon is a beast.
- How close do you think 's theory of networked resilient communities parallels understanding of population ecology?
Did you know today is National Cheese Fondue Day? We can't wait to celebrate tonight! Yum.
Do you watch ? Well, if you've seen Jessedaley plan an extra, GO FOLLOW HIM. <3 :D he's amazing.
Secret Life, Secret Death at the Oriental Theater in Milwaukee, TONIGHT on May 10, Thursday, 7 p.m. AFTER PARTY at Von Trier's.
My friend in this pointless anthro class goes- I wish I could just crawl out-
All of them simultaneously!
she lucky. That's not what's up.
Good idea to brainstorm #mla13 session formats, Ppl here can chime in.
I'm working with new Red Cross shelter workers tonight on a shelter simulation exercise. Training 10 days before Xmas = dedication!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet perfect music.
Just realized someone sent me a meeting request on my IPHONE..no wonder I was in the right place at the wrong time yesterday
Going to sleep goodnight guys school tomorrow ugh well bye bye!!!!!
Wow! You gave an amazing show (Joyas Prestadas). So realistic(: Love you Jenni!
I'm pretty sure that I'm not all that easy to deal with all of the time. I have to thank all the people that make it look easy.
Good for airport delays: La Mariana Sailing Club is a fabulous tiki bar near HNL. Umbrella drinks and sing-along live music.
Wow Chara is looking rough!
We always ignore the ones who adore us, and adore the ones who ignore us.
During the WarOf1812,the British had burned down the White House&were set on taking the PortOf Baltimore,which was protected by Fort McHenry
OFF TO SEE DAVID GUETTA!! GONNA TAKE SOME VIDZ OF THE MADNESS...
seriously.....scalbrine has a shirt. Amazing.
Started ordering parts for my X-Wing pilot costume! Gonna be awesome!!
i don't rate JD like others but its hard to argue with results and he has produced with his time on the pitch
u thank about it
big UPS to Gadget!
hope wrangler works well for you...let me know!
first time at their brunch. Good bloody's...
I've uploaded a short excerpt from Redemption. Click on the AuthorPage link above to check it out.
If you're looking for a good read, Carrie Nyman's new book, Why aren't You Sweet Like Me, was just released. Wonderful.
Anyone have a good recipe for eggnog cheesecake? Why is it so hard to find? Now I want it even more!
Paul #Answer couldn't get as much in as he should have!
RT : RT : The trouble is, if you don't risk anything, you risk even more. -Erica Jong
So strange this kickstarter fund-my-book thing. Don't know whether to be insulted when I'm asked for money or to admit it took balls to ask.
I agree QT : It very important to take care of ur body
Nice! RT : Pirates Home Opener Party. $2 off pitchers. , , , & more
Thx Coach! RT The Monuments Men describes the efforts to save art and culture during the frantic end to #WWII. Awesome read.
You can overcome some potential objections with your testimonials. Ask leading questions when asking for a testimonial.
Hey : RT : Check out charity taking off! Be sure to check out from benefiting
pfff - i don't need no man to get me ice cream, i'm self serve! hahahaha
Attending political fundraiser for my friend who's running as an Independent for Congressional seat in NoVa
awesome... keep me posted.
Magor Philadelphia Demo Site is up and operational! Let's get some prospects in here and make some sales!
Guess whos back for the day?
Everyone follow our bestfriends in awesome and expect big things:)
A bike ride. ": Here's a question: what was your one moment of zen today? Tell me."
Thanks! We just read your comment on this week's episode.
lol, it can't virgin remi, remi is processed hair. Virgin is in processed ima sell virgin, and I'm going to let you know!
“: #aboyfriendshouldalways take his girlfriend's side. #doesntmatterifimwrong #crazygfproblem” i relate too well to these 😁😳
he's equal opportunity!
"Under the Toucan Sam"
the zoo! Nothing like it!
Aol radio provides the dubstep I need to make it through the day!!!
hey, thanks for RT. and thanks for helping spread the word.
On my way to homeroom with AT: Emily :-)
gplus, facebook, everywhere, SUCK IT. Twitter is win. Twitter is communication. Twitter is the movement.
thank you for planning a great #itec11. is looking forward to our sessions!
I'm the type of girl who puts on her better smile, her better outfit, and better attitude, just to show him what he left behind.
My body hates me.
Watching a movie in class should be fun but it's not at the moment
somebody that i used to know
Hey Twitter Fam, Lets get up to 100 followers in less then 20 mins!!!!1
your the reason I still smile.
God. I need a tranquilizer.
Great minds think alike!!!
Well I havnt been on here for a long time !
Looks like we are tracking over 500 data attributes over 14 data types.. very nice.
o ok that's wassup lucky u lol
I just strighted my hair:P
That Highly Questionable show on ESPN2 said they weren't interested in watching the Spurs play cuz they'll easily win.
Good morning. Who made the coffee this morning?
Mfers don't be talking bout shit
So, when a prospective client says, "I have already designed it, you just need to make it look GREAT" should I laugh or cry?
Here's an idea for the NCAA rules committee this offseason - start calling T's on coaches on the court while ball is in play.
The Boobs and the Gang
instead you chose to paint competent advisors who care about their clients with the same broad brush to promote your service
Thanks! I gotta check my schedule!
whatever. I was spelling it like did :P
Very true.
💟💟💟 i fricken ❤ you omg my appointments went great! Baha
Someone pick !!!!!
No one is too good to be tempted
Heading that way..
RT : I'm back at from noon-7p 2day. If you come say our # word you start 2-For-1. Today's word is
I am so ready for The Celebrity Apprentice tonight.
- done and done ♥
someone better record the new songs
We will be taping our music video next weekend AND it will be Bryan Cole, our bassist's birthday!!!! :D WHO IS STOKED?! <3
I'm DONE!
miss u too babe! Happy hour this week???? :-)
I feel like that douch trying to find the most awesome christmas tree on xmas eve! I can't find a pumkin anywhere. Sad brown one it is!!!!
hahaha, there you go - i love that movie.
I'm home alone
we still have stuff in the fridge that needs to be drunk
seriously can you talk about some womanly shit like cars & explosions!?
I ain't called or texted my to check on her
Oh, boo. I've started buying face products at Natural Grocers.
I'm good, thanks! Shopping! :D haha how are you? xx
Wonderful—when will you submit that? We're working on an updated version of our paper. cc:
um yes. I guess lol. Hit me with details. Miss u xoxo
thanks for the follow colin..add us in your tweet and we'll RT
When someone you're talking to compares you to someone else...like no, this isn't a competition.
Go team Chi-Town! RT Listening to the Chicago fellows talk about their #Open311 project.
#Shoutout to my new followers , hmu for a follow back .
Memorial Day is coming up. Is our annual meet-up far behind?
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK I need more followers!!!! :-)
Loving having my iPhone back!
Call me stan cuz I'm always on standby
Damn I Kant Sleep It's 3:30 n The Am N Im Still Wide Awake......Fuck it Bout 2 Hop On This Big Bang Theory Season 4
Coming from a guy who's a huge ECW nostalgia mark, please let the shit die already. No no care.
Not only is ham delicious but you can GO it!
Set two in five minutes at johnny's. Stop by
hahah. thank you. but so are you :) xx
MERRY X-MAS. ACT NAUGHTY. CHECK OUT THE LATEST DESIGNS/ AND ''LIKE'' TO SHOW YOUR XMAS SPIRIT/ TIS' THE SEASON TO ''LIKE'' !
just one picture of the painting!!!!?
Anybody catch Mark Plotkin's "DC Get Made" commentary this morning? My homie got raw!!
Charlotte N.C I am coming to get what's mine soon enough.
i keep hittin repeat peat peat peat peat
Leaked: Google Analytics Is Making Its Way To Google+ - Marketing Land
Today's #CompCloud keynote should be interesting. About 1/2 the room is #teamsales & the other half is #teamfinance...which side are you on?
#GOP/TPers/PUNDITS in it for cash-carry--POWER, not #USNATION #GOP has figured out how 2 fool all the pple all the time and most fell for it
The Rangers vs #Orioles record 30-3 game is in jeopardy tonight...
annoyed and have a raging headache...
Hell of a game yesterday!! big ups, stay healthy my man, I need you carrying my fantasy football team through the playoffs!
see below...hoping ohio and PA are runners-up in this pageant!
RT if you've saw all his videos on Youtube!!!
industry news: tracy morgan will in fact star in my new series, "downtown abbey with brian fellow."
thanks my friernd...rock the day today!
(1907) “The local newspaper...listed the captain and quarterback as Lowell “Two-gun” Thomas.”- Lowell Thomas
It was good to meet you too. I am always down for meeting a fellow music lover.
And last but not least, keep your ears perked up for Noel Coward's jaunty tune (Don't Put Your Daughter on the Stage) Mrs. Worthington."
I don't get it. Lil B even got more of a buzz smh -_-
Looks like tons of fun across the pond but how 'bout some deets on more dates in the homeland? purty please?
sports business is awesome! Same passion here. Interested in anything related to this in the NYC area, moving there as of Friday :)
what are your faveu pickles then!?
The break has been wonderful but it's not as much fun without my hus. Ready for semester 2
Hm, maybe once or twice, so guilty as charged!
stick to the script BROTHER
RT : The first and only hurdle is believing in your own ability. What people think of you does not define what you're capable of...
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up. ~Mark Twain
Congrats on your big win!
#200 - Great job #Wake!
My acting is like hearing a Funkmaster Flex mixtape...explosive, edgy and always on some real ......
hi Brian, where is your fireside chat with located?
night and Happy Mothers Day :)
"There are two distinct classes of men ... those who pay taxes and those who receive and live upon taxes." Thomas Paine. Which one are you?
don't hate me for my last tweet on here. Haha
Alright, it's #ff if anyone wants a S/O hit me up. I'll help out however I can :)
Ed Ayers - The only History Guy with a "real" job.
I agree. Just found it interesting that was my assumption & then Doonan discussed a different aspect.
Garlic! I automatically love any place with Garlic in the name.
Has any1 evr tweeted about a bluetooth nike swoosh?
Just watched last week's ep of #Whitney today!! Freaking hilarious! Best episode of the show ever! Could. Not. Stop. Laughing.
appreciate the support.
that sounds like something I should be doing.
Pretty cool idea: my daughter’s elementary school is collecting Halloween candy for soldiers overseas.
Thanks for the follow!
Big day of football tmrrw!
haha I gotta try
see you already know it
Red Stag cherry infused whiskey sounds interesting. love the juxtaposition of feminine/masculine. we should try!
kind of frustrated that the long weekend is already over but I'll be in NYC for the coming weekend anyway!
Okay, cool... I'll work something out! :D
Lmao Joey ass petty af talm bout Morrison. He a goofy. On me.!
I have added that to my language recently. Sometimes I make up with reasons to say it. lol I'm learning.
What's wrong with the Sinister Minister? hehe.
WHAT'S GOOD BRUH
ur gonna take it
#crrunconf I want to know more about how Grabill is defining writing...."explode" the traditional definition of writing
Miss you guys!
Finished tracking the album!
Morning! :) RT : Good morning twitter family! :)))
Leading Awaken in one hour. Fitting, I think. Lord, please wake us up!
Buying commercial publishers would be expensive. So is paying subscriptions So is equipping existing venues to deal with extra load
Redneck Pick-Up line: This isn't just a beer belly, It'a a fuel tank for a love machine.
thanks for the luv :)
When you do a business with any printer, what is your expectation?? Tell us!!
Like you need to go eat at where she works. EVERY DAY.
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 18
We <3 you
Emotional eating can sabotage your weight-loss efforts
I am thankful for the people in my life who remind me of the great things in life and the greatness of my life. Y'all know who you are :-)
#nye Miami ! On the beach,Miami water is so clear w - moving here
Lol my friends are awesome xD
36 in Blaine. Winter will return. I sure loved the 52 yesterday... I even opened my windows and aired out the house.
FUN FACT: Benjamin Franklin invented swim fins to help him swim faster in the Charles River as a boy.
Hey and others, if you're in the neighborhood, Bliss on 19th in the Heights has HIWI:Ike on sale this week. $14.99.
Doing some projection mapping for local student production of "Shape of Things". Thank god for #Processing!
#funny #quote If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.
Sneak preview of U-T Poll on San Diego mayor's race: 35% of voters remain undecided. Same as in March.
haha sure did
Today was perff. Cant wait for this summer ♥
Had a terrible nightmare last night that the Brewers got swept by the Astros. What? Oh....
"A home without tea is merely a house."
my pavlovian response to hearing any part of "my heart will go on" is to sob uncontrollably
ahahahahaha i'm planning your death in my head ☺
Damn this head ache though <<<<
I just asked myself the same thing.
no doubt! I've been neglecting my duties.
Rainy day in Austin, Really wishin was here BUT I can wait one more day :) #HurryUpFriday <3
Artist "To thine own self be true!"
Dear fourth grader on facebook, How are you in a complicated relationship? What'd he do, steal your animal crackers?
TIA'S DAILY SPECIAL- $ 12.95 WEDNESDAY: FRIED COCONUT SHRIMP with french fries come in!!
We're number 23 on the ReverbNation Alternative charts for San Francisco, CA. www.reverbnation.com/rachelmargaret. Thanks for your support!
what happened?
You're beautiful! But you look so innocent! lol And when you tweet you're pervy and horned up af! :'D
RT : Drove around the Nissan Leaf for the first time and it was not what I expected. It drives like a luxury car, not a...
My grandma should be a chef
I'm now the proud owner of a pair of orange linen #trousers. They need alterations, but y'all will be seeing them in public soon.
I don't care if it's hailing, I'd probably still wear sandals haha
I won't let words affect me. I won't let other people stop me from doing what makes me happy
i love that :) hahaha.
my thoughts exactly :-)
makes you wonder why people don't see it as the blessing it is
Its raining..soo...imma go ...play in the rain xDD
Sick again. :( It's like I'm sick for a few days and then I get about two weeks before I'm sick again. blaah.
how do I categorize a payment in my accounting software? Purchase? Donation? Make a new category?
How do you choose your toothpaste? Expect more!!! No SLS! Low abrasion! www.closys.com/choosePaste.html CloSYS@ Walgreens
finding #translation is very intellectually intriguing and engaging particularly when you work on theoretical pieces.
I have a huge headache.
I don't know, but it's provocative.
follow> he's is a real man and gentleman
im trying to get a hold ofmy elmentry school teacher shes very nice
Thanks to for the follow. Text messaging can be a great way to enhance guest experience. Ask us how! 918-271-0062
Second Harvest Foodbank is in need of volunteers. Seeking help year round for food sorting & repacking! If you can help call 216-7214
When you smile , I smile . ♪ ❤
thanks for the follow! I like the service.
Hey, did you know you can just subscribe to on itunes and it will just show up on your itunes. I didn't...
Email or call 617-899-0028 to place your orders.
Yeah im a piece of shit
RT U don have to like me...im ok with that
word, so now we know a smuggler hasn't used your dress! lol Can't wait for it to be in Lexington!
Be Writing Them Bangers! You're A Prime Example Of Sucess!
Today all day
I hope #SOMEDAY will notice me , I have been trying for 2 years.. #NeverSayNever #makemylife 8
That chiken will save your butt! DMs are hacked again! tweet me please my dear!
Sorry guys,we no OF the Dog & his family is friends w/lots of people we no BUT we are just all about flowers:)
[Campus Bulletin] Students complaining about housing assignments, surely you didn't expect anything good to come from a GT department?
#NowPlaying: Tonight's The Night by
72% Of People Say Pets Influence Dating
Can you follow me i just followed you!!!!!
"Blue skies, nothing but blue skies do i see"
have you checked out THE EROTIC CHALLENGE .com 50k and a modeling contract info
Im the lab with $impSet! It's about to be a very HOT Summer! #G Ent. Lumbajack Baby!!
u better give me dat date earily so I can keep it open fa u
Phocylides~ Give no decision till both sides thoust heard.
it was lost long ago
holla at me fam ur niece in canada told me u lolkin for new talent hit me back I got u ima R&B singer songwriter lookin for work
I <3 my sister ! -- Follow her. She follows back.
thats great .. love it
Thinking about wearing a Shaun Livingston jersey for #SexyResults. Thoughts?
Yeah - I totally didn't get Twitter.
Happy Birthday!!
#teamdamonfizzy all the wayy....please please follow me I <<3 u lots
But he is coaching Monday...so no failure. Also, I didn't see Cal miss any FTs tonight. Pitino did not outcoach Cal tonight
9 QBs taken. Remaining: Coleman, Chattanooga; Harnish, Northern Illinois; Moore, Boise State; Davis, Southern Miss; Kinne, Tulsa. #Packers?
I hope so it's so annoying haha
A penny saved is... where every body starts saving
“: Messi is a soccer god...5 goals insane” <--- yes he is!
The readings should come from TAP and Moodle and the Culture text and all those kinds of fine places
At the airport cuttin up w/ players
#Thankyou ! We all love you
Mr.Sutton,Chris Ingram the CEO of prepaid Master Card starts on our station Monday.Global Buisness talk radio.we are the future
Learn more about the actor/playwright behind our Finding Frankenstein performance www.dawnbrodey.com/ Meet her at the Monster Mash on 10/14
Thanks for your great work today
MY BABIES ARE AT NUMBERS 1 AND 2 ON ITUNES.
just realized it's #Fridaythe13th...freaky!
My son, who is 8, just invited me to his 21st b-day at La Perla where we'll "ride the pepper and drink Guinness." Hm. Guinness?
Thanks for the World Cup booktalk suggestions!
hack is how to get an extra 2 weeks on the kruseship. some call it #quarantine. i call it the
Maybe if I killed myself, I'd get a nice funeral. Maybe you'd attend it, and cry because you never got to say you hated me to my face.
Limit your credit card usage on nifty deals coz buying things is that much sweeter when you pay in cash!
26 yo Sean Warner indicted for manslaughter, tampering w evidence, misconduct involving controlled substance in 14 yo Jena Dolstad's death
Stop by the PORTLAND MARATHON BOOTH at the Expos at the Big Sur & Eugene Marathons & get $10 off a Marathon registration (good April 27-30).
cannot wait to see the finished product! what a fantastic concept.
Crazy Friday night on
Is Chadma's resignation anything we need to worry about as far as major violations by the department?
Kinda loving this site... Perfect for parents, business owners, anyone really... W.goalforit.com
come home to see & parting it up over there without me. sweet invite-_-
Thanks for the great sponsorship and the very cool Social Media Marketing Program you teach! All good stuff.
Guess I'll rest today after 2 powerful shows thurs and friday. I think I' gonna walk around in my undies, t-shirt, and socks all day. Lol
Readn a book called thirst no.2! I saw brandon mychal smith yesaday bu i still love he is da best... ig2 control myself!!!!!
At this point this #padres team is just comical
#BitchesBeCrazy ": Did this bitch really just say "I don't read books" then pop a cheeto in her fat ass mouth?! Smdh #damnshame"
Strategic planning is worthless... Unless there is first a strategic vision. John Niasbitt
muhahahaha! Your becoming cooler, don't worry.
Thanks, Chris--hope you're well!
She's the biggest liar of life, oh god.
RT : The word "axiomatic" is George Will's thing and he will straight up cut you if you try to use it.
I'm thankful for good friends and family <3
Anybody awake?
wonder if anyone got tix to Philly 10/30...couldn't get though...stil.l Temp out of stock.....sad =(
attd news alert solid buys coning in fast
Perfect closure system for wine bottles combines the reliability of the screwcap with the oxygen transmission of cork
At 1pm: The Color Wheel, one of the favorites of AF staff.
Mr. Nice Watch your profile alone is one for the books. Thanks for following me today.
Watching hop in second period
how do you make a youtube video??? well sorry 4 the bother.. :D
Just got back from prom & the club. I am beat!
I feel like I have neglected twitter today. :(
Realize the possibilities and potential are within, waiting.
#Taurus are master procrastinators of the zodiac. (via )
Weird and surreal moment seeing myself on the austin city council ballot. I just vote!
Sometimes u just have to roll up yr sleeves and get yr hands dirty.
Having a case of the Wednesdays? Tomorrow's almost here and it's Pre Payday Thursday! You can get $2 off of any combo. See you tomorrow!
#Visual #Designers - want to be the first creative for a small & quickly growing SF #startup? Web Apps are the key!
Question of the day . how many cans of beans you must eat to gain a great fart .holla at me if you know retweet
GO FOLLOW FOR 5 SOLO SHOUTOUTS :D
I got made fun of for liking you and I said so what if I'm a #Belieber Justin is a talented person and loves his fans to d ...
I enjoy the daily doc in my RSS feed. I tend to miss it as I check in and out of Twitter. Either way, it's great!
Thanks good people for the follow.
I've turned my back on my bracket...
I LOVE Tigers <3
you're a creep
Talking about politics kind of makes me feel bleh lately. An exercise in futility really.
Watching end of #NASCAR Budweiser Shootout. Lots of auto racing #sportsbiz conversations recently. Still TBD if something there.
Jonathan and Charlotte were so good #bgt :)
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 10
I'm sorry for what i've done, who I have become. I don't know who I am apologizing to, mostly myself I guess.
I have VERY VERY strong feelings about it!! What do we have to do??
that's good perspective! Hope we sweep the Cubs again this weekend--I'm going Sat & Sun and need to see my first MP win of 2012!
Watching on espn2, what a class act :)
love you too. id very much love a catch up as well!
what! please tell me that actually happened!
Chillin at my friend's house getting my sip on. This mane house is so freaking huge and beautiful. Just gorgeous!
I'm So Happy!
yeah I know
The scientist Guillaume Duchenne electrocuted living people in the face and took photos of it. Oh&he mapped the current through the body.
Is it possible to have too much caffeine? Because I may have hit that threshold about twenty minutes ago.
www.therealchrisfaith.com if u looking for hot and I mean HOT Christian music visit my site now!!!
I'll give him that.
Can't wait to write about Davis's RE24 and WPA tomorrow as part of his platinum sombrero.
even the #shbp is not dubstep free...
Kansas City bound! Someone text me.
you guys hang in there. U had a great season and great future. I can't wait for next season. Please let there be no lockout!
I followed!:D
Perfect weekend with the perfect boyfriend :) and the house is clean! Woo
Ur ice cream just made me cuss.....in front of my mother.....a former missionary. Best. Flippin. Ice cream. Ever. Damnit.
Back among the English...
we'll hopefully have the demo out next month or even earlier if we can. We'll keep posted
Hey old friend . Been a year since we talked .
Trying my new Guide5 this morning on a 5-miler #marathon training.
Even worse.
Will you guys be doing a review for HP 7.2?
sadly no :( but we wouldn't have without you anyway :)
good question! because we play hipster music, but we don't think we're cooler than everyone else. :p
Wow. Which Chuckle brother are you??
Hi Chelsey. Space is limited, but you do not need to RSVP. We recommend getting there as early as you can. Can't wait!
Its down too
do you understand how much loves you?? you should follow her to see her tweets and cheer u up when ur down:)
Thanks for the follow. I'm quite interested in #placebranding. What type of work do you do here in DC?
I feel like i just got dumped
About to get vans yay (:
Young and stupid Left wide open Hearts are wasted Lives are broken
RT You have a dream, go for it. Take the limitations off of your self. Aim high! Excel.
you said something about not being in a band anymore or something xp
KD had 33 points 5 rebounds and 3 assist. He's going for #MVP and OKC is going all the way this year
We have some exciting news in the works. Stay tuned...
Heading to NYC for Legal Tech; meeting Sonnet there to see what's new in legal research!
I have tasted heaven and it is San Pelligrino Pompelmo flavor.
first of many homers at a #Cub. Congrats!
LOL! RT : I bet Simon's milkshake brings all the girls to the yard.
ur up early
they go ham, i go gray
oh ok
After allthis time nstellar performance,Schlereth stillsays"he's not thatbig in stature."#comeonman he's very big in"stature"
I'd be curious to know how many of the ~1000 people on the notification list ended up applying.
I have already creeped out my English 2315 students with 2 weeks of Freud. Now I to ice the cake I will show them "Un chien andalou."
5 Rules For Choosing Your Online Dating Photos [EXPERT]
S/O to you killed that Adele cover...
i had it for playstation.....still got it actually RT : Anybody had WCW Mayhem for Nintendo 64?
day 3 for some of us who need every possible continuing education credit! A long haul but more than worth it.
personally, original Teen Wolf for me <3 tho if i had to choose twilight- i like the lead girl-- replaced by Audrey Tatou=hot
I must have been half asleep when i went to the market today cus i just noticed i bought some chips i dont even like and taste like feet
#Bellydancing with starts in 10 minutes! Come out and get #tribal with our awesome instructor, Angela!
I've been feeling annoyed all day without a clue as to why.
so nice meeting you guys todaay to! We'll get dippin dots again soon.
People change. Memories don't.
U can't sleep to
WITH THAT PRICE, HOW COULD YOU GO WRONG? Actually, it may not be the most cost effective now that i think on it.
Wish u all happy holidays...U guys are the gift. Bless u all. Merry Christmas...
i don't think so can you?
vball tourny all day-- going to sleep
It's so beautiful outside! I think I'll stay inside and tweet about it.
Working hard to get Twitter to work on our blog. Fighting me though. Grrr.
Do you plan on dropping a mix tape anytime soon?
Hooray for new twitter, boo for it being the only thing I've done since it's snowed.
All computer-assisted reporting, no matter how advanced you get, is based on the concept of columns and rows.
39 tweeted votes so far... keep voting and spreading the word! what is your fave charitable org.? top 4 org. w/ most votes gets a donation!
We get it it's raining...shut up now
Yeah, me too. Luckily I think it was just due to some funky food I ate; it seems to have resolved on its own. Huge relief.
Thanks for the follow.
From everyone at The Messages Project to you: Have a safe and happy Easter weekend with your family!
Finland is also known as the land of of the thousand lakes, because of the over 188,000 lakes found in this coun
we're going through some member changes right now, so yeah we'll need a photoshoot eventually D;
Seriously, Mormons. Be very, very careful before criticizing anyone about their evolving views on marriage.
RT RT life isnt a garden. so don't be a hoe.
Just a few more days! Just a few more..
Asdfgghkll why now? :/
Do your thang tho. Who am I to say what's good or not. Can't knock the hustle
hey I can't get to Bryan's you wanna just hang out later?
all that real butter sure packs it in. But the taste is unbeatable!
I approve of this choice :) let's get together soon, neighbor! :)
Okay, time to watch a ton of anime. Going to start Sankarea, which will bring my total anime being watched right now to being 33.
Forgot to mention
The final of 4 exhibit openings for “For Nevada With Love” is tonight, 6 p.m. @ Sundance Books.
I've learned that people will 4get what u said,people will 4get what u did, but people will never 4get how u made them feel. Luv U Tweeters
I still like the thought that the Astros are going to the AL West and will be reaching their prime when Texas finally falls off
Attention, Hoosiers. Careful with those spray tans. The line between sexy and oompa-loompa is thin and easy to cross.
hunger games movie!!!! Ah who is in it?!
MOB WIVES!
It's a all black kinda day.
#VoteHungerGames for absolutely everything
Time to hide my face for the masquerade party tonight!!
Thanks 4 following us. subscribed to your newsletter. Check us out for family friendly unique kid exerciser.
:O why is there a diaper rash cream called Baby Anti Monkey Butt??? O__o
SD Home Garden Feb issue restaurant dish: Snooze; Salt Box; Cinepolis; Inn at Park; The Field; Stone World Bistro & Wine Pub
Cute baby spotting with We're stealing one.
Just hope someone doesn't drown in that Jags/Panthers game.
RIP to Nate Dogg, thank you for your hard work and everything. My condolences are w/ the family and people that knew him. Life's 2 Short!
Nonresistance is the key to the greatest power in the universe.~Eckhart Tolle
FOllowing :D
Tough loss tonight
Laying down !
Haven't decided if I should continue meticulous editing or move on to another section of the collection that is not yet available online.
no ones is lol except Mexicans and rabbits
Thanks for following me! Good luck with the Fall show. Kisar
What's wrong?
I wouldn't of missed it for the world love I love you too baby
Till 15th. Then, going to Times Square & I will say: THAT'S A WRAP (; RT Till when are you in NO?! Please say 6
I think we dream so we don't have to be apart so long. If we're in each other's dreams, we can play together all night.
I cry when I watch this show. Poor lil gators!!
Thx for the follow and more!
I've been an errand-running maniac this morning, but NOW IT'S TIME FOR INDY AND FUN!!!!!
"there are many fish in the sea" thats great, but i dont want no damn fish . i want a guy.
This place is a jungle. No really, it's an actual jungle.
i know, i know! i'm just bummed that he gets to go to Vegas and see Britney and I don't... i'll be nicer :)
The first wealth is health.
When I walk on the spot, this is what I see. Everybody stops and the staring at me
When someone writes back lmao I always read what I wrote then laugh at my joke.
Good to see Bynum coming back, Lakers still need new blood!
I'M SO SORRY, LBJ! (Whoops -- there goes my inner Catholic-schoolgirl again!)
can't wait to see u in Boston!!!
G.M.N.I.: Shyt really does fuck w/ your head. When you see kids 4 or 5 yrs younger than you gunned down over trivial shyt.
I'll see you there!
Don't even Get me started on Brands. What an ass clown he is.
:D it's a great thing.
3 more papers =( a final and a presentation. but i got this! just a walk in the park
Happy New Year! Resolve to love, learn, laugh and do good as much as possible!
TRUE THAT. Seriously.
did you see my artwork I bought the other day? Can't remember if I mentioned it last time.
There is nothing in this world like being the Daddy of a baby girl.
People going to the whitesox/cubs crosstown game tomorrow cant bring drinks or food only buy it inside. Also theyll be a ton of security
Enjoying the company bowling outing!
What a great night!
If i met mau i would give him a huge hug, and i would take a picture for memories
That's why you would have her in a kennel. :)
back at you Fam!!
Happy Cyber Monday!! What's the best Lichi deal you're going to get today?The first one to guess right gets the whole line free!!
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :Why were there many eggs underground in Shibuya?
Rare internet connection at the job site.
The only Goal you can not achieve is the one you don't Shoot for!
What happens to the Veteran when the parades are over?
Vino Verite has an amazing #deal right now! Located on capitol hill in #Seattle, everything is 15% off! Stock up for summer #wine lovers!
I don't think he was disputing that, just saying some "footnotes" are more relevant than others, no?
Don't live by stereotypes.
just had to mess wit ya lol
hey are you in Florida this week?
fed ex. Memphis is the base of fed ex, so he wouldn't be working for the competition
Really, ? A service fee of $6 AND $4 for 'order processing?' What in the hell service are they doing if it's not 'order processing?'
we know people who know people who can get them in your hands :)
thats too much work im too lazzyyy
appreciate the follow - thanks!
Happy birthday to my dude I'll be seeing you next week!
I'm afraid it's quite the opposite.
i just want to figure out everything and go see the movie "Blue Like Jazz"
If I Do Dis Talent Show Wat Song Should I Sing Doe?
Some fail to realize you get Nothing for Nothing....
need this W tomorrow
Sounds like just the right way to start off the weekend Michelle! I'd gladly volunteer to provide whatever assistance I can! :)
Call me
Really feeling the hot new ginger playing Wendy for tv commercials. Sexy. Yum. Burp. W
Feel good for Romeo Crennel.
Bow bow bow bow
u just added you on Facebook. I just deactivated it thou. I only reactivated to add you hah
Of course, this lil tidbit is to make up for devouring my body weight in chocolate since lent ended. On Sunday ;)
M! Nice recipes! We'd like to have dinner with you sometime soon!
I once replied to a wrong number text with "Look, man, I ain't fallin' for no banana in my tailpipe!"...but I did.
|#quotes We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.
I just taught how to play The Ring
i bet it would...that's wehre it all started hahaha
Need a new hdtv. Any suggestions? 46"
Think about people like Donald Trump Oprah Winfrey Even Jay Z They got Bank You won't catch them taking pics counting money thats for clowns
morning again so tired it is 7 now but i got to go to a stage to day going to be fun lol hey hey hey
Owww HOOOOOTTTTTTT dang let the bad luck begin
Have a great time at Mojave Oasis! We'll be there next year. :-) Looking forward to your photos.
seriously you look gorgeous in the picture.
#twitterboo guess what....
90 degrees on May 5th in southern Illinois
5:30 a.m. workout finally caught up to me.
meet me up there.! If yhu can.
Ay bay bay, let it play, that's my song turn it up
I drive to LSU today come back tomorrow work only tues and Sunday .
Where can i see how you measure attentiveness in your reports? I want to use those numbers but not sure what they stand for.
People try to hard to fit in and be popular .
Who is the most important person in your life?
no got out before it happened!
had to ask lol!! send a video of u playing if u get a chance.
Good morning America. Quite dark over here already in Indonesia.
Oh how come?
haha,great idea ! :D
hey austin c;
Right so wass wrong with you
I love this song welcome to the black parade
is taking Lyss & friends to see #TheLuckyOne tomorrow for her bday. I'll be hanging w/ Ray & Jas!
It's more than a product, more than a service - this is an experience. Go
Today's Insider Branding Secret: Let go of F.E.A.R. Fridays (Failure Expected And Received)
Ah. First sip of coffee in the morning. That's about right.
im findinding this out seems he is growing by the minute he is such a good baby also i love being a mom HUGS TO U
Still at work
How long does it take to write a procedure? Probably my least favorite question. Any ideas?
i remember warped tour randalls island and all that garbage getting thrown!! Haha
"Now I see the secret of the making of the best persons; it is to grow in the open air & eat and sleep with the Earth"
lol I was just about to txt u too . U saw the pic of Kobe crying ???
no problem sir. Looking forward to retweeting ya.
see the tweet regarding the "SPECIAL 10 FOR $10 DEAL TONIGHT!!!" Any takers?
the crimson chin is trending. haha!
Mo money means mo dough to blow
OFF TWITTER. WATCH IT.
she needs to go :)
I wanna go
What's for lunch? Tacos? Brunch? Diet shake? Too many choices.
If you love your then RT this to get country groups to perform for our troops at
Going to with my best friend Carmen for Cinco de Mayo! Woo Hoo!
Crap i ment to send that to my mom . Aha
Happy Easter! What a beautiful morning!
Operation "2nd Bedroom" has commenced. Four garbage bags on the curb so far. I have a lot of crap.
S/o Real Nigga!!
sure thing! hope you're having a good one :) -lisa
I bless the rains down in Africa: AfrikaBurn Music and Arts Festival
Some weed, hoes and alcohol.
Ground ball to the left side THROUGH for a base hit! Gantner scores, throw to third and Yount is OUT on a single by Sveum.
Joshua! Follow me back!
RT : #NeverShouldYouEver judge someone without knowing them
We are right next to each other but it feels like we are so far apart.
Cloud isn't always the best option.
"Canada’s “hyper-competitive” mortgage-lending has depressed returns to unacceptable levels that aren’t likely to last."...
- Did you have fun at the Birthday Honors? We did!! It was a great start to the weekend!
Hello White Eagle. Hello hammerhead. Hello ruben. Hello fries. Hello hammerhead. I've counted down 5 hours of work to see you.
Shut up bitch, The only test you can pass is the pregnancy one.
Not looking forward to washing dishes during lunch, but I gotta do what I gotta do 👍
This shit of american idol is so damn boring... i jus need the black guy 2 win
Will YOU follow ? Because I certainly won't...
If your up text me!
Just ordered 2 Responsive Design Sketchbooks from
A mysterious holiday wish from an elf, Happy Valentine's Day from Spriggan herself!
It could be identical mode
well yo phone is DUMB !
Do you have to have tatooes to play college/NBA basketball?
what a good memory! What a bad memory!
If u were to tell me before the season that R Starks would have a 2 int game, my 1st thought would be that Sanchez was the QB
easier said than done! But ok. I'll pretend I think I'm funny in real life too <3
Screw u auto correct I meant bon fire
I hate how you act around them. You treat me differently and you don't even care.
Friday... what does that mean?
#Instagram - naedemolish & I do follow back!
Best place to get free stuff in Madison...play the game !
im at work :p bored as fuckkkk u!?
When there's no Cap'n Crunch at home what do you do? Go to girlfriends appt. and eat hers. Hah
We hear that DC Film Alum& Instructor is moving to LA. Our loss for sure, but LA is going to be very lucky. We'll miss you!
I really don't know why I'm around in today's world. I must've been someone in the 1950's and part or all of their soul remains in me today.
love you too! I have a new sport you are going to har to play with me!
ik.. I let Anna borrow it In a race with hot wheels and she broke it..
First snow of the year in Flagstaff..and the clouds look apocalyptic.
Glad to make u smile :)
We had another awesome night of Sunday Night Trivia with ! Make sure you join us this Sunday for all the action!
what reform? So far all I seen from u is same "richpublican" tactics. Do something real for the people. Sad
"There's a way to do it better—find it." (Thomas Edison)
enjoy the hot dougs, that's walking distance from nowhere hq... dangerous when it's duck fat french fries day
I have the worst migraine. Usually they last 3 days and this is not the time to have one. First events in the new exhibit tomorrow night!
#LastTimeIChecked You want the D.
RT : Hard to know if FB fans indicator of voter turn-out. Predictor claim could be chicken/egg issue.
Love my bar gig until I wake up the next day and go to my professional gig.
In New Orleans and the surrounding Louisiana Gulf Coast area, the predominant religion is Catholicism
Can this lady leave....like now?
#FollowFriday for the funnies.
Going to Dallas tonight. Hoping to bump into :P
Love me some good late 70's pop!
Today was honestly one of the best days of my life :)
I'll grab a couple on my way back. It's rather well lit...
Just listed a few extra boxes on grab em while you can!
I see an Eric on gllleeeeee!!!!!!!
A double by Andruw Jones gives New York a 5-2 lead over the rays
Keep your head up! you went hard today if it wasnt for you we wouldnt have been in that game
yeah. they set up literally at the bottom of the hill into the south oval.
Us too!!! RT : Love, love, love e-mails from blog readers! :)
I don't give a fuck, keep giving me 10 hour shifts the money is worth it
Hey, it's kinda nice out today.
Dirk always looks like one of his skis just flew off his foot as he was sailing down the mountain.
Good Am world wake up & smell the coffee, every day you wake should be a day of success... Keep negative folks out your game room
M...will have to try that! Thanks!
if you wear crocs,
That is a fantastic deal. better than some of the music I won on ebay today.
either saaturday or I leave monday not sure yet I will let u know sweetie
Pain stabbed my heart, as it did every time I saw a girl I loved who was going the opposite direction in this too-big world. Jack Kerouac,hb
#Apple hearing closes. Media departs.
Actually wearing my Jeter shirt 😒
“Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.” ? Maya Angelou
That is an adorable pic
Thanks to our new followers this week (Part 2):
RT : Saw on TV great Home Cookin' win Blazers vs. Spurs. LA career high, everyone contributed....I'm on my way to Antarctic
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I failed that drivers license test
Attempting ice fishing for the first time followed by the #Ravens game! A perfect Sunday. Purple & black!
Update: Nightline segment will run TOMORROW night, May 8th on ABC. Stay tuned!
Thanks for getting us to 800 followers!
I'm watching my daughter and two friends build a trap for leprechauns. Some good Louisiana girls right there. If it moves, trap it.
why should we pay you if you are going to be assholes about customer service?
Cause I am not your boo
Yes I am administrating the SBA tests at my school. #nclb:)
I vote for "Cram it in the boot" as the funniest commercial. Small Darth Vader gets the "cute" award.
Great Networking Tonite at ALLURE 2224 Elm.Downtown.Entertainment Industry Meeting 8-10 w/ Attorney Ward White & Guest Panelists&Party After
I will be out of work as of 7/31... They've given me my notice, girl!
with arms wide open, or with a** wide open? See...I tried to warn you. :-\
Made my first batch if puff puff
Shot the prologue scene today! Great stuff. It will all be revealed in an exclusive release february 17th!
I Go after what life offers
Now watching the webs favorite film The Devil Inside.
Spaghetti Dinner Fundraiser Location:Fayette Plateau Vo-Tech Center Time:11:00AM Saturday, August 28th
how are you, BTW? It's been ages we don't write. Are you still in HK? I read one of your short stories some time ago & loved it.
enjoying a great conversation with a client right now!
first day of Rabbit Hole - very nervous and very excited!
Today, I Google-image searched "placenta pills" ... bad idea.
Goodbye Cruel World (Gone Camping)
Thanks David! Treating myself to a BIG trip to Sydney!
Paid debt off then? Sounds like a good use. Heard that's actually what many Americans are doing this year!
babysitting a -80 freezer at the tail end of a 12 hour day blows
FOLLOW ME UR AMAZING OK BYEE
Getting ready to do some fall fishing on the columbia river....fall chinooks, coho...for sale hit me up....
Clothed mouths dont get fed
Omygod. I'm now one of those idiots with a cracked iPhone screen.
The best sex education for kids is when Daddy pats Mommy on the fanny when he comes home from work......
thanks kerry, glad to make you acquaintance, can't wait to see your linocuts!
Glad I stopped by to support Tx Titans 16u cause they're leading Baltimore Elite 16u. 71-53 with 3min left.
Is anyone going to grow their own vegetable/herb garden this year? We usually grow herbs, but we will be growing veggies this year!
what song is that?
Visit our website www.rocktagonmma.com for all the up to date news from anound the MMA world
you guys goottt swag.
RobReportBlog - Capital Region Holds its Breath | Armonk NY Homes
Our signup form was broken for a couple hours yesterday. If you tried to sign up and got an error, it's working now. Sorry about that!
I don't really care my hawks won yesterday so I'm happy
don't listen to him! 2 Unlimited!
Time to switch it up.!!
"Dying is easy it's living that scares me to death" A. Lennox, from Cold
Just my ego.
CALL FOR VIP TICKETS FOR THE PARTY BUS 786-223-1654
RT if you're single.
The person with the most tweets telling people to follow WINS! Winner gets a signed ticket from a previous show! READY SET GO!
Correction. We are in the 78705. LONG DAY.
I seriously don't like that nigga!!!
needs your help! Send an email to all Senate & House leaders in Tally with your support of #HB99 & #SB202! We need your help!
Easter Break!!
Woke up at 2..
This morning turning out better then I expected.
To threewalls, on the double!
As for what we're up to... We are in Phoenix. Brian is reading Henry Miller and Jess is reading James Baldwin. Now to go buy Amiri Baraka!
This is only my second time here and thought the tap list was better last time.
#19-Clay Matthews-OLB-Green Bay Packers
(While watching That 70s show) Fez: I'd like to park my car in her garage. Hahahaha man that show makes me laugh xD
My professor be rapping that #2chainz #MERCY verse when ever she put my grades ( #GradeA!! A+ ) Dope Shit!
Tonight's WTIA Marketing SIG was another success. Good even focused on Landing Page Optimization!
When your heart just falls to your stomach because you were happy and never knew you were doing something wrong..:/
Most of Superman was shot in Alberta Canada! 80's! Up Up and Away! YE
well that sucks :s
a bro stood in front of the ATM like he was at a urinal. i found it hysterical & wanted to take a picture, but i figured that'd be creepy.
RT : smelled like teen spirit tonight
#Houston's Black Lab #Theatre needs your help, to reach 500 followers by Friday, the premier of #FarragutNorth. We are 178 short. Please RT
New Thursday #vavavoom come see us tonight!
Read all of 's latest tweets<33 They are amazing(: Like him!!
STAY TUNED: DUBSTEP VIDEO MIX COMING SOON
We feel we'd look great in the original batmobile. Fins become us.
decompressing from doing a five minute talk at an On Purpose Networking for Women meeting. What a rush!
Star Wars Day isn't a celebration for everyone. My father was an AT-AT driver.
For some reason, my doctoral hood is white & not the usual blue today. Wonder what checkbox I screwed up on when I reserved it.
Well, a big LOL @ us old guys last night trying to play ball against a talented bunch of kids in Fort Atkinson. Not an excellent showing.
Patriot Pay SaaS Payroll Software is now available for Tennessee Employers
You think this just to keep as the 8th inning guy?
My mouth is burning from Points East Pub's famous hot wings! 50 cents each with blue cheese. One of the best things about Milwaukee. Yum!
I luv this mob life!
Timeless advice: Don't whiz on the electric fence.
I can't do it! I can't! it hurts but I can't!
Fun times with :)
Lyrical Trilogy climbig up the reverbnation charts. Check out hit That's not hip hop!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good luck!
Also on #lunch special thru Friday: Italian Sausage & Mushroom Calzone and Crispy Fried Top Sirloin w/ Mashers & Gravy
no doubt
Hey are you people following me back? I have to delete you if you not. Sorry but you not following me back puts a limit on who I can follow
Sore throat :(
At least when Mrs. Obama went to a race, she knew a driver to cheer for + didn't insult fans' clothes, unlike Romney.
Giving in and shopping for board games for next Friday's #GameNight. My personal weakness...
Yikes. Unfortunately our standard 622 remedies aren't available. :)
Is apparently the only person who knows how to make a pot of coffee.
Yeah Megan! We are glad she kicked cancer's ass too. What a great inspiration she is!
Fallin asleep with writers block in tha parking lot of mcdonalds
RT Arrestees starting to be released from jail! Stand up for FREEDOM, not fear.
Hans Olson is playing at Fatso's Pizza Friday & Saturday night starting at 6:30pm
Congrats ! You just won the MarkLogic SuperNode award for your outstanding, consistent contributions to
"&I would be like...you're white trash"☝ 👯
sorry dude. They traded up for five WR's.
Tringled is coming together. We did some ADR and now it's time to get down to the little details. Done on Mon or Tues. Whew!
trippy as I wanna be .
22 yr old black chic parks a new black Cadilac CTV...gets out barefoot with short cutoffs...crack hoe? I sure she "earned" it!
we're still here if you wanna come over
fits that description, spanish-speaking, miami, and social media.
howdy :) hope u are at the show tomorrow :)
I recommend American History Museum. Something for everyone. Amazing place.
I'm the same height as Christian Beadles...
When ur young ur delight is friends, but when u grow up ur delight is family and money......so I don't mind my circle being small...GWS
omg. NO sardines in the workroom. please. i don't CARE if they're good for you. it's freakin' offensive.
Literally pacing back and forth waiting for my mom- and aunt-in-law to get here. Ack, stupid traffic!!
The first five people to order using the "BIRTHDAY" code will also get an additional surprise gift in their order!
Going to see 21 Jump Street.
Just saw Phil Connors w/confused look wandering aimlessly around Gobbler's Knob trying 2 avoid that annoying Ned Rireson guy.
Thanks for the RT!
#nw an american affair, this movies so deep
Big thanks to the agents at Palm Springs Airport this morning for being so kind and helpful as we rearranged our flight
i luv u no matter wat cc.....im gonna keep u and ur fam in my prayers..#keepyourheadup..just remember he gone be back someday
I should start carrying around pieces of paper that say "Follow Me! @ and give them to random people.
changed again.... >_<
It feel like a friday .
Nobody bumps better than Ziggler.
ya buddy are u just at home.
lol. I thought you were the oldest :)
Is that nerdy white boy wearing #33 for Kentucky just pulling an early April Fools Joke? Or is he actually on the team?
We hope you all have a safe and happy Labor Day weekend!
Truly great seeing you last night. Did I wreck everything in a moment of impulsive stupidity? Please accept my sincere apology
#PlayersMoreClutchThanLebron ant Davis eyebrow
Yung fly guy no parachute... # I'm narley dude
I have silver hand grenades ready RT: Very excited for tonight's super moon. Not looking forward to the mega-werewolves.
My course @ the Institute 4 Integrative Nutrition starts today! I'm officially on my journey 2 being a certified holistic health counselor!
great #nascar champion contender presser from Miami ... entertaining verbal battles if you picked up on nuances ...
i'm all the way by palace station. I would if I was over that way
For the LOVE of Buddah ... I'm frigging wide awake at 2.23 AM PST and I can tell ... I'm not going to be going back to sleep! Damn arvo nap!
Gonna stream for us tonight?
My hilarious dog..."you want me to walk out in that?" #lucy #princess #can'tgetherhairwet
Long break in between quarters.
I'm going to be lucky to stay vertical today. Better schedule a nap for this afternoon, or I'll be in trouble later tonight.
yea i understood it! i was like whoa xD i guess my spanish classes are working! haha (but my gramatics are iffy lol)
: I'm so excited to be seeing the #BeachBoys on Friday, but I'm dying to know if you'll be joining them!
Shout out to "I will never kneel!" awesome fucking band.
I saw Sinterklaas and Zwarte Piet at the Old Dutch Store! It must be time for Sinterklaas-avond, aka my Dutch and Belgian candy buffet day!
I think if he's 100%. That team will tear them up but I'm true blue. :)
Lean towards the light and slip through the softnes with open arms extended.
Techno music, makes me feel like I'm stuck in the douchiest of nightmares.
We are too busy mopping the floor to turn off the faucet. - Author Unknown
What's your name?
its ok things happen
if I retweeted you quoting me that would be a little too meta right?
as a visitor, I've been disappointed before w q's that don't mean anything. Ask so what to comment books.
We wondered why you were sending us junk! Good luck fixing the problem. Ugh.
The subliminal messages contain me typing PLAY BETFAIR POKER AND You will be Attractive each other tweet. I don’t do it.
follows us! Say What?!
Times up! #scriptsprint ;)
Your SOO cute.
Very nice! I love Vince Platero...I have a few pieces of his that I purchased at #palmstrading!! I love them!!
I wanna be like Edna when I grow up.
Sitting on the Beach Never Gets Old...#BeachLife ....
If you’ve got a case of the Mondays,½ price beef burgers & Happy Hour from 4-7 would be just the thing to lift your spirits, see ya there!
Preds go up 2 on the Wings! As my Uncle always says, I hate the Red Wings!
Rev. Long, Rev Long...
great opening, ~40 characters, can't remember any name, awesome ost, nothing happened, yet can't wait to see what's next.
In Sifu Restaurant now. Waiting to serve so hungry :( mood: hungry :(
oh sweet haha :P
13 and u
Oh, I offended you with my opinion? You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
Performing tonight Joseph Anolin Chris Riggins and Tix at
it's so upsetting to think that everyone always tweets celebrities but only like 2% of people who tweet them get a reply back sigh
I don't think there's a place I hate driving to more than the Brookhaven campus.
Do people really still watch American Idol? Why?
Are you okay?
it's spotify playlist, so i think it's a bunch of volumes combined. i'm skipping the crappy songs.
Slab to the M.
you playing ball in mass or overseas?
Our Pirate and Princess Party is tomorrow night. Come at 5pm for pictures, games and more!
3.16-3.17 Buy 1 pair of Women's, Salon or BP Shoes, plus 2 pieces of Cosmetics or Fragrances and you will receive a Nordstrom tote bag!
Who is AIRMAN? :)
Stuck in an art gallery and feel like I am going to suffocate.
My man Joe Frazier has left us R.I.P Joe . One of the best that ever did it in my book .
#happyeaster! Have a great day everyone!!!! xx
He wouldn't come to Houston after the trade for Jordan Hill and Houston said he could go anywhere but LA. OKC it was!
Will LeBron show up in today's final 2 minutes?
Headed to St Paul's school to sell Haitian metal art before & during the intermission of Twelfth Night. #incongruity?
notice though I said paisley was the greatest "country" guitarist.
I'm getting sleepy
More than 1 billion people do not have clean water
Tyson: If China said intended to put military bases on Mars the US would get there in 10 months (re threat motivation for space exploration)
Check out our Birch Bar drink specials starting today! Sunday - $4 Highland Gaelic Ale Drafts® and Monday - $4 House Rums. Come on by!
“: Can't wait to buy me a bike!”you aint bout that CR life
Is there a "Most Hip" category at the MVPA Awards? If so we might both win! See u at the show (Airport Hilton banquet room 8).
Apologies to anyone trying to phone us today...ENTIRE network DOWN... D=
We're very happy to hear that! Please tell Charlotte to keep fighting!
So much stuff to do, so little time to do it.
follow me back fool (:
If not, you wouldn't be doing your job!
I feel sorry for the lady that falls in love with ike taylor Expecting him to catch her. Smh
Like the remix
I wonder if the things that remind me of you, remind you of me.
A long soak in the tub sounds amazing to me.
LOONEY TUNES BANANAS
tearin it up at the chinese buffet lol.
L O L
Sounds like there probably isn't a license installed; any type is required for pause cues.
Nipple marks.. hahahah:)
my joy. Ty!
Hammy is a beaasssssttttt
What's the difference between #sanchez and #romo... Sanchez chokes in all 4 quarters
wow! I assure you that he exaggerates. You're more than welcome to use any last year's materials if they're useful!
You have fans everywhere. I am the biggest Greg Stiemsma fan in the Southeast USA. You rock!
that townhome in London and all those other properties are worth how much?? Why aren't they cutting those "xtras"?
RT Doing a little wife brag for :) He finished 14th out of 2,700 runners in the #SoleOfTheCity10k!
Thanks we are too!
So leadoff homer is all the damage against the ageless one
Hope you're drunk right now! Happy St Patty's!
hey lmk if ur heading back to ny!
Presenting to the American Planning Association on the value of virtual environments on the collab design and assessement in urban planning
yeah, but still.. supposedly 4G and 3G provide the same speeds. It's the LTE part that is taking industry standard.
TRUTH: Our wings are finger lickin’ good.
Fair and 77 F at New York City, Central Park, NY Winds are Variable at 3.5 MPH (3 KT). The pressure is 1020.5 mb a
LeBron dwade can we get a big win tonight! Against Lob City la clip show!?
Daughter had to build a fake $50k portfolio for class. She bought $20k of SBUX. And the went up 10% today. Rest fell.
Idk, Is She There?
I did not know you were an eagles fan. I hate to say it - cause I love big red. But this is bad.
yes sir
RT "The last thing I want with my chicken are waffles." i'm sorry your life is so dull
Thanks for the super shoutout!
its straight partying chilling same old same
Oh, how sad. I'm so sorry.
About to listen to and on #GGToday...excited for draft talk.
Check out my Youtube channel, with lots of acting tips and advice on making it in the film industry: www.youtube.com/jakecarpenterstudio
Time for the Saturday edition of
The badge of awesomeness is nimbleness, adaptability & being thrifty.
the fat green fox hopped past the boring dog.
What did you go for on your last visit to the dentist? Cavity? Teeth Whitening? Wisdom Teeth?
Don't really have anything to do today, I'm bored
At the united center for the kanye/jay-z concert!! :)
Lmao...I jus laughed at a tweet I just saw....YEAH RIGHT!!!!
The same.
Therapy session with mother dearest <3
“: we ❤PBR!” Awesome! Can't wait to see all the awesomeness.
Loads of puerto rican men seem like lil flamers. I can't read who's gay and not. No offenses. I love the gays. Funny still though.
OK, local food gurus... where's your favorite place for sushi in Westwood and Century City?
Dr. Laura Schlessinger~ Dont worry so much about your self-esteem. Worry more about your character. Integrity is its own reward.
noo I like him!
I want s'mores. Now.
I'm scheduling to get my tattoo soon as soon as track is over!
Many of us have been putting them up in our own homes due to the repression Councilmember.
Have Fun!!
back Streets back alright!
Ha! I'm guessing would opt for a beer instead. ;-)
There is only 4 days left to take advantage of our 20% off special. Don't miss out on this great deal call today! 5034495164
Today's plenary session at #AWIDforum discussed how to use gender indicators & a feminist framework to measure economic inequality
it surely is, trust me, we have all been there. But you get use to it after a while
bad omen RT : Hollande's plane turns back to Paris after being hit by lightening en route to Berlin - Presidential source
ALWAYS I GOT YOU BABY GIRL
if you have not seen or heard of it: www.sellaband.com is an amazing source to raise money for your band or studio recording project. -mbT
Expect rain to pick up in the next 2-4 hours. Lightning may light up the sky overnight. Watch at 11 for Scott's forecast
at the such a good show
N not having money is a rule of all evil LOL weezy
tonight or in general?
So full.. But i must eat dessert..
Why? Because it'll showcase a beautiful moment of a family connecting with their deceased daughter ♥
lol so serious. do i kno u from somewhere?
Almost time for work
Go follow this Amazing Mahomie right now & shes really Pretty... So follow her.(: <3
Good luck TJ! RT God, I hope the Tebow game is this exciting!
City slowly coming back to life, lots of people walking in streets when sidewalks blocked, devon plowed, side streets not
Houston Hoops v Athletes First goes into OT
FYI - Our town hall meeting in Ward 7 on Tuesday evening has been moved to Pennsylvania Avenue Baptist Church
Thank You! I #love being a part of the team!! :) RT : We love having you on the team!
I can't watch this anymore.
so, i ordered "autograph pages" to go with my yearbook.. hah, what was i thinking?
SportsRadio RT the air with us right now. Great guy!!
Saturday, you make my heart smile so bright it feels like it may just be radiating happiness. :-)
#nisoEbook Paxhia astionishef that almost as many students are purchasing their books from Amazon as university book store (<50%)
That was lust.
Heh. I'm actually waiting for ESM's "Information Overload?" ...LOL...think that applies?
you can be in my brains anytime
wait, i thought this was your job. youre not a consultant dustyn your it.
Special Friday shoutout to my
If you're in LA, follow and try ... Amazing gourmet burgers, bro.
only 6 weeks til I am in Hawaii!!!
wanna join u on ur cum adventures
side on the cross examination (:
Crushes on straight men. -_________-
My Pipster got a KICK A$$ report card today!! I'm proud of my SUPERGIRL
Several rounds of sanctions have been adopted at the #EU level. We also are pushing for action w/in the
Stop tryna act perfect everyone has flaws
Everyday comes closer & closer to you leaving. 😖😥😣
Some secrets need to be kept, some stories should never be told, some reasons shouldn't be understood
yea he iight wrr he from?
definitely ok so when r u free?
HEy ladies wo all got F.M.B? i know i do and if you don't you need to get some.
#schoolmemories tornado drill. I liked doing those for some reason(x
Know someone that needs to lose weight? Drop 20 pounds in 20 days!! Visit www.facebook.com/LVHCG Find out how now!
can't wait for this year! I have a good feeling! (every year I do haha)
Want to have someone "wired" into & from SW ATL, giving the GOOD NEWS 2 ? Tell you want me to be a Community Web Producer.
They made all the girls quit twerkin' :(
Okay . & Belks Or Target .
For all who celebrate – Happy Hanukkah!
Dinner and a movie tonight.
Also, the line "Split for what, a couple of old poopheads?" delivered to perfection by Buzz Gunderson.
I'm taking Denver over New England tonight. Tebow Time will get started early. count on it. Tebow
I had a lot of fun at the holiday party tonight. Lots of fun, interesting folks doing cool things in DC.
I was seriously wondering haha
I have a big softball tournament coming up in a couple weeks can you wish me "good luck :-)" please?:D
Until Rick Perry proves he has America's best interest in mind, he should not get a penny of our $$
When the #Lakers get mad, they beat on people... When the #Thunder get mad, they BEAT on the Lakers
I'm liking Living in Vegas so far. My family is here and it's pretty laid back!!
how you feel abt 'this is what we do!' now?
Seems like this day is lasting forever for some reason . Probably because I am sick :(
Game #6 in Miami with home court advantage for the #MiamiHeat! Lets tie it up in Game 6 Miami Heat!
NEVER FOR GET THE PEOPLE THAT PUT U ON
YAY!!!!! off to volleyball practice ttyl my lovelies <3 :D
that's cause you ain't looking for the ballers & we do have comic book stores they got like 5 in kenner
They sure are! Let us know if you want to set up a tasting or place a bulk order :)
I've only had it for a month myself. Diigo is social bookmarking. It's great for keeping track of all my resources.
your San Diego weather report (80+) is making it easier to leave Minnesota. Thanks!
I haven't Tweeted all day.
Full post. I loathe teasers, RSS or "newsletter".
I hope we see a huge response at Barnsley. Until it's physically impossible NEVER GIVE UP! I still 100% believe we can do it!
Without God der is no us so peace, love, and soul rt
Thank you!!
Yesterday I was wearing at tank top and flip flops... Today I am wearing a sweater and scarf!
I enjoy muffins
oh my God best experience ever in my life :)
I wasn't even invovled until you got me in this picture! Ugh #smh next time you all "try" to retaliate
yo styles i look up to u crazy u prob not gunna see this tweet but as a rapper ur my biggest influence DBLOCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A3: i only take a twitter hiatus if i'm super super busy at work or on vacation. it usually lasts a day tops.
MT : Depressed for the end of 's #BUNewMedia -- One of the best classes. Thanks for the lessons and laughs!
Emma is "on avail" with Hasbro. More about that in my next post.
hey what troubles are we getting into tonight, or are you going to be a poof again?
Unfortunately, due to the hacking saga, I didn't get lunch. Fortunately, there will be cake in 20 mins.
Edit training
wish I called in yesterday #HouseofCards is massive, sustainable production work for months!
Can you throw in a free TPC Sawgrass membership to sweeten the pot to #mariowilliams ?
I'm so glad i'm not the only one that actually likes staying in on New Year's Eve. lol.
Cain's stance on his domestic affairs just became far more amusing than his statements on international affairs.
In statement, Gov. Tomblin says "I believe we can complete the legislation next week."
Dammit, I kinda want to replay Makai Kingdom... It's one of my favorite NIS games. Too bad the PSP port never got translated.
Good Morning San Francisco!
Okay so I officially love today, met deuce from shake it up AND got to go to Sonic for the first time. :D with kalista! Bestdayever!!
Phone is back up & with a vengeance. Wow!
It sounds like a comic book lover's dream come true. I can’t wait for the big screen premier in May!
we're twins hahah but sadly no, she doesn't like Justin Bieber
girl i did!! So good m
what is this pottermore? i wanna duel and apparate and stuff.
“: ": Aww quit crying #BasketballWives" she need to grow some balls” lmao for real tho she better learn to speak up
The first 3 people who go up to our DJ on the first floor & say 'I love #TrendShow at the Flagship' will win a designer fragrance!
Going to the Froze Four in Tampa just sounds wrong but we will take it!
bread wonders too
Actually I don't understand this.
Tonight, we celebrate.
Yeah man. That joint is fire man. Catchy, lyrically sound, moving and spiritual.
And If I Send You A Message ; You BETTER Answer It .
Musical word of the day: Nebenstimme - 2ndary part (a 2ndary contrapuntal part, subsidiary to the Hauptstimme)
Tweeting from my new MacBook. This is fun.
Is it time to go yet?
“: Contrary to popular sentiment, we aren't victims of time. The majority of time barriers to #community are self-imposed.”
I thought i could trust you. I guess not.
$10 ALL YOU CAN DRINK HAPPY HOUR FROM 5-7 TODAY COME IN AND ENJOY THE BEST HAPPY HOUR ON HUMP DAY!!!!
ATTENTION ALL MY LOVELY FOLLOWERS: please follow her! She's a true #directioner and a beautiful member of my #1DFamily :-)
Watching this laker game. Let's go lakers
Another 8 hour at buffalo.. Selling my soul back to that place, one shift at a time 💵💵💵💵🙋
JUST signed-off, will shout you out tomorrow, cool?
Hockey season just around the corner....can't wait for this season to start. Memorial Cup, here we come!!
isn't robin hood foxy?
10-4-- “: Yes! ovens! Marketing display tech.
I preached that text today! LOL
"Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention."
Third final out of four coming right up. See you in three hours.
Who's all going to ' 1st Thirsty Thursday tonight? LIVE music, food, and drinks...what more could you ask for??
Happy Thanksgiving!
. hyper-local news platform, in Davis, CA 1 in 7 residents contribute. Seeing similar trends in other markets.
hey - thank you!
Romney's team scours twitter for clues to coming stories? Thanks #npr but that scares me that they don't know what's wrong without hints!
Sounds cute! RT : #wearing blk cords, blk t, blk swing sweater jacket, peeptoes, chunky colored gem Queen Bee necklace
good thing is i don't need to deal with them for a few days now!
Woman just walked into the China Yen and asked if she could just buy 13 fortune cookies.
cool profile pic and awesome background
I don't know if I'm the same strain of "conservative" as that guy (from Christendom College...) I'm a classical liberalist :)
where does the news leave the cafe? just wondering.
To much drama out here!!! Hangin with fam
is at "Passport To Fashion"
sleep well now. We're off two stepping here, and I've already had one too many Sunday drinks.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away. Happy Friday!
Jody Johnson - you rock!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, or better yet, HAPPY SWEET 16!!! I hope it's the best and you get lots of presents:)
Take that,
"Somethin' bout a truck.." (:
I'm so glad Justin has wrote a song for his mama, down to earth is still one of my favourite songs, my bby.
Nobody sung the Super Mystery jJackpot Song last night at either the Brat or Ale House, so the pot is now up to $70
I watched the full Black & White Thang album on fb today. I spent an extra hour at the gym!
PLEASE FOLLOW & FOR SUPPORT!
Lmao predictable like Tyler perry. Too funny
TONS of sirens heard outside - I live right near I-20 river, no idea what's going on but hear fire, amb, police
Our thoughts go out to the residence, businesses and environment of Arizona during the huge wildfire spreading over 600 sq. miles!
I haven't done an upgrade in a long time, but I believe CF8 upgrade asks for CF7 lic first, then CF8 upgrade lic, is that right?
my clips???
quote the girl off basket ball wives ( you not about that life ) wtf you all have never been in a fight proven fact YOU NOT ABOUT IT EITHER
Frank Mulgrew, President of the Online Education Institute at , on designing the next generation of #elearning, now at
We have a disposition to trials and tribulations in this world, but the one thing we don’t have to work to earn is grace.
Thomas Kinkade died from a Heath Leger death.
A quote is nothing more than a reminder to one who's forgotten and needs reassurance.
Thanks to & for making me leave the house. needs to spin one night Lucky's. Shhhh.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
“: They say 1 in 44 presidents can dunk... we all know who that is...... George Bush. No one can dunk the economy like he did”
me too! he has paper stuck to his taint! Ewwwww.
that's what I'm thinking. Zimmerman's story does not make sense.
Nice win for the #Brewers. Gonzo play&#39;s D
Just realized #Amazon.com does magazine subscriptions - I know how I'm spending my giftcard.
thanks for these tweets, Chris. Wish I could hear it live!
Also, whatever x 1000 for lyfe w/r/t the Yankees, but baseball is notably less awesome without Mariano Rivera in it.
hahahah I just saw this.
i gotta catch up on sum juugs first i tol em ill hit em up
“: mornin Cousin....” good morning cousin, what's going on in Savannah??
I'm planning on only carrying $20 with me at all times.
Still playing hard to get I guess she wants me to #chase put on my Nikes on & just Do it
Thanks Tom! We are excited and honored to help facilitate. It's a win for and a win for buyers/sellers around the world.
Ugh, i hate tweet limit too!
So true! Ppl judge harshly bc their expectations are out of whack. I went in thinking it was a popcorn flick, & it delivered.
#FF and -- these girls blogs keep me motivated, laughing, and most importantly #running!
oops! Don't you just love those! ;)
I think I like it. You know I can't commit this soon :) Big congrats on your prospectus defense!!
Stoked for !
President of Hungary steps down over plagiarized dissertation. Fodder for the academic integrity discussion next time I teach composition.
the problem with g+ is that nobody uses it. it feels like an empty restaurant in there.
ok I'm eating dinner then showering then calling you...you gonna be up?
#Chuck Norris won the 1983 World Series of Poker, despite holding only a Joker, a Get out of Jail Free Monopoloy card, a 2 of clubs,
Awhh!! I love youu too cousin! :)
Who's excited?: Moneyball week, interview w/ Rick Peterson on what was real and what wasn't with the A's...bit.ly/o4cerK
Breakfast with today. Trying to bring some "normal" into tech week.
I'm going to say this early Happy Thanksgiving to everyone i def wont be on here tomorrow
I want to meet my friends one day hopefully!
you sent me the wrong order! I'm trying to contact you but i can't get a live person! Send my correct one ASAP!
Uh tryin to get temple run on my phone
Going to save a min pin that is getting euthnized tonight at 8
Pray 4 one of world's wealthiest nations- less than 1% evang! France for Christ info meet Sat 1pm. (not a fund raiser) Details KLOVE.COM
r u goin to grandma house or are you comming home
I LOVE YOU!! please follow me
RIP Vaclav Havel. "The only lost cause is one we give up on before we enter the struggle"
Must've done something right in my life to have in my life 😍
#Maddow podcast is up, enjoy!
I am. It was good I thought. I'd have been curious to hear a bit more about the solo years after Bangladesh but pre-Wilburys.
_olivia_moore_: QMagazine Santa brought me a back-issue of Q with Eminem on the front from 2001... Very happy girl here.
I stole a mannequin from Macy's so I could use the carpool lane. Does this make me immoral?
The $ pulled you away from us eh? Don't blame ya, but the thought of Slamming one off Evan made ya think :)
I know Jackie from Galveston. We went to the same church. :)
Thx everyone that came out to rock and support us last night at Evil Olive. It means so much to us. You guys R O C K!
Listening to v Georgetown with Homer and Mac. Last time I did this, I was 10, it was 77 and it ended pretty well.
Tired of the same ol shyt...
That film is so familiar to so many people, I felt compelled to take it in an odd direction. We'll see if it works.
keep us posted! your picture belongs in our "Where My Reman U Shirt Has Been" segment!
...gone, I waited on some other people. I started ringing up this woman who had a lot of items and the son came back and..
Fact is that water points tracked remotely do not tell the story. Real story reveals most water pumps don't work.
yupp! I was planning on going next weekend if nothing comes up. I'm already nervous! Lol
I went shopping today 👠👗👙
we're a mess haha :/
Hmm should I leave early. . Again?
you know im down RT : who wana go too breakfast? #burger king
This damn Moscato!!!!
Celebrate Mother's Day at Ward's! We are open this Sunday from 4pm - 7pm Free glass of house wine & dessert for Mom
Uploaded 3 New Beats For Sale On Myspace Send An Offer
RT : It's Freud's birthday. Call your mother.
Couple of books you're missing: THE WHOLE FREAKING HARRY POTTER SERIES, The Tenth Circle and Nineteen Minutes by Jodi Picoult
reread what I wrote. jackass
love u both and your music
Hickson to be special guest referee at wrestling event - Chicago Tribune
keep living in denial. Even the liberal fanatic news sources admitting awful performance on jobs.
How has not gotten his first kiss ? o.o
new obsession=dance moms
hahaha. and uhmmmm... do ya mind paying? lol jk. did u have VIP last time?
you both are driving me crazy here ;p who the fuck are you?? Lmao
OMG!! The guy I love just told me I'm BEAUITFUL!!!! I love him so much
Wonderful #wordsofwisdom! RT: never miss an opportunity just because you might be tired the next day.
“: what's up there Delnora? Awesome to see you on here :)” Thanks Mark :) Miss y'all! Rock out my home state tonight!
: Buying all the FF gear I can get now, plus regular BU stuff for my fam for Easter, and then hopefully champ gear next!
3 blue dots for indoor, 3 blue (unhappy) dots for outdoor. It's okay. I'm sure I can hang until April to get a new deal.
playing hard at work
The #Facebook iPhone app is the worst thing I've ever had to deal with in my life.
you well come :)
took her to a shelter?
Who thinks I'm kinda like The Silver Surfer?
hahahaha alright i'll follow the smart person
give me proof
I would recommend it to demonstrate knowledge and proficiency in the latest Google AdWords tools and best practices.
I am, but I may as well not be... I don't even know where to start!!!
#AGuyShould leave a 'good morning beautiful' text. It will make her day.
We agree! Ignacio's a gem.
Sometimes you have to get to know someone really well to realize you're really strangers. ~ Mary Tyler Moore
Windshield wipers, swivel hips, AND straight arm V ups?! I'm going to pay tomorrow.
Tonight was smooth not as bad like i thought
I was there too, just hiding under the FAA building overhang across the street!! :-)
thought you mentioned a florence and the machine concert
oh yess i am! I cant wait lol
I loved the finale! What was your favorite part about filming it?
he's okay . not a big fan of him , though .
nice alternative to Instagram
Frank Vogel complains before the series and what did that get him? Foul trouble on his team and a $15,000 fine.
about to knock out, food was to good.
I go to another coffee shop.
These bug bites on my feet<
Final plenary at #clac12. Modeling collaboration between foreign languages and sustainability studies. - Matos-shultz, Melin, Mougel
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year. Thanks especially to all those who made this year our best ever. Let's do it again in 2012!
is the best 3B in the NL. He is answering EVERY test. The other side is a product of the
Connecticut lawmakers vote to repeal death penalty - CNN
but that's the past i guess
Come up with a qualification of the quantification in total cost of ownership sourcing decision
Here we go.. "How Kenya Got Her Groove Back" ;)
I was so blessed our time today. Journaling about it right now! Jesus lead on and be huge ~ all for his fame!
#BackInElementarySchool I dressed like from spice girls :P
I goes with the $ Salas took from BP, AIG, payday loan co's, pawn shops, insurance, banks, medical ins, oil cos, casinos, etc #chulavista :(
feel some kind of way right now ..
Thanks & cheers!
Yes!!! Acknowledgement is not apology. RT - Should Romney use this opportunity to address bullying?
you're the bum, bum. Why are you on the eastside?
congrats! :-) Bet it feels amazing. Sadly, I'll be stuck with contacts for the rest of my life - meh. Could be worse! :-)
i was getting there
What's missing? Venture capital, which is the lifeblood of tech ecosystems. -Kaufmann
i have a mind to close up this site, and have u all migrate, since you're all so into solidarity...God and i, the only important equation...
I never completely unpack upon arriving home. I'm awful.
Watching KU basketball loving the new kicks, but make me want to rock yellow ones like the Jayhawk!
when's the decadent housewarming?
where u at
I'm going to WaWa
Thank you tropical starburst for once again disappointing me.
hello Mr. Robbins and friends, I would like to say hi and for you all to be good tweeters there in fiji. twitting love.
CRASH UPDATE: Only the right lane is closed now on I-405 north @ 4th, traffic still backed up to Terwilliger on I-5
So how does this sticker upgrade thing really work? When does that X bucket get released? Tell me your secrets...
I have some done, but I haven't typed them out. I will later so its fresh in my mind.
Lol of course ! :)
Twitter is typically a solid barometer...but I still can't get a good read on Eli's performance on SNL. Some say awful, others say he shined
Scott Dineen, Optical Society of America next up #nfais #erodingsubmodel. Optics more than just "seeing"
Thanks, Jennifer!
When you play a joke schedule & your kicker has 3 attempts on the year you don't deserve to win on a game winning fg
& Looking forward to welcoming to Dr. Paul Smith, Prof of Cultural Studies (GMU) for a keynote lecture “Commie!”
Nope. It's the improved you. RT : Holy shit someone created a parody account of me?
Then she use to be loud so the person i was on the phone with could hear , smh
Don't be like that!
“: what time
< bone that is in an odd spot, so they cant fix it & I have to rest for at least the next 10 days otherwise an infection could >
Seating in the back of the class where there is a plug to charge ur phone is the best thing about school xD
is on the radio
let em know sugar...nana on demand with a blunt in my hand...#childplease to the man...stay 100 sugar
error de dedo
Stuck in the San Juan airport. Why is this happening so much recently when I fly?
yeah! That would be awesome 😁
might be time for you to get your own reality show.
I knew the lakers was gonna go ham tonight!
uh, okay then. Whatever.
boo. I don't wanna go back to work.
should follow u back for that screaming endorsement!! would!!!
I hate when I send the text message to the wrong person
I think my grandfather () just set up a twitter account. Interesting.
have you made any cocktails with Jin Ja? It's a delish ginger drink and I want to mix it with things!
can i get a follow back por favor or please
Epic Buffet vs Mozz, Phil, Jason, Rass and I. Pretty sure the buffet wins. "I feel sick." - everyone
RIP Whitney Houston :(
Happy birthday beautiful
Holiday food drive going on at Southridge Apartments so stop by and drop off a non-perishable item any thing is greatly appreciated
Happy for jb. Cuz he has a really deep voice. It's about friken time no offense. He always was a good singer.
Gonna see him later >
dudes got a CANNON!
#SportingKC #USMNT Great win guys. Way to look good in a Sporting and USA Kit!
Well, he just got a new one
My room was clean, but then I had to decide what to wear.
good luck Lindsay Lou! <3
I got unwittingly stuck in Dalai Lama traffic Sunday evening near the U and became appropriately enraged.
It's raining here! Haha Does feel good to be back though :) : RT : Good morning, New York!
...Breakfast, work, gym, lunch, work, shopping or movies!...what a great schedule!
It's Quatro de Mayo... you know what that means?! That means $1.25 Pacifico & Corona and $1.50 Taqueria Tacos all day tomorrow!
If I have one more nightmare about prom..
twitter finger syndrome!
all sweat and tears
How many tweetbot users are there in total?
it's true. Ppl don't realize that's needed in a relationship
Going to sleep! GoodNight and
damn :( well ill miss you too!
MARIO BROTHERS > Mario Chalmers
Going to head out into the wilderness this weekend for a nice long hike. Just made the transition to hammocks loving it!
I just saw the floor plan of the cottages at The Retreat and wet myself.
If the B1G officials are calling fouls one one side of the court they need to call them on the other side too. Ridiculous!
Lebron about to go off!
that was a perfect way to describe it
I got me a top hat(:
Anyone want to fill us in on #RECON? We couldn’t make it to Vegas, but we want to hear what everyone is saying about it.
I'm definitely a Luna bar girl, Lara bars have an odd texture for me. Maybe I haven't tried the right flavor?
Guys, I can't truly enjoy your comedy unless there's at least five thousand pop culture references in it. Keep diggin' deep, friends!
#CincoDeMayo Party 2Night Music by ( Son) Get ready for a PACKED House
just dyed my hair blond on top brown on bottom;)
The lobby will reopen at 10:30AM tomorrow
sign of the beast!
Gooden sending a 100 mph missile towards the hoop.
Katy Beth Perry,last Friday night was amazing:)
Thanks , saw your comment on and I'll give you a shout
The 12-step chocoholics program: Never be more than 12 steps away from chocolate! ~ Terry Moore
Nuking oatmeal like a champ.
You know its gonna be a good day when your favorite songs come on the radio.
True or False? If an essential oil causes redness, pain or burning on the skin, this is a healing crisis.
On my way! Is it on the assignment desk, or in the kitchen? Oh never mind ... I'll find it! :)
Anyone else wish there were like 50 more books in the Hunger Games series? Me too
Is it still Girl Scout Cookie season?
9 hours to go!
Stop brown nosing them,can u get any further up their arses!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Goody two shoes.
Laertius Diogenes~ The mob is the mother of tyrants.
Remember when Johan Santana was an awesome pitcher????
Listening to while reading his #sxsw on twitter. <3
Why can't we just make it an autocratic decision and leave it to me? ;-) Again, I say, !
Well that was a horrible line change by Pittsburg...
maybe the most awkward super bowl TV moment since Janet flashed some booby. So bad
exactly. I can't see it but I sure can hear it. Yikes. >:|
#10ThingsIWantToBuy a MacBook!
Last night, I had a dream we found out who stole our Browns table and took it back.
I was stretching all of Act 1 RT : I can totally dance like and just don't wanna show off
Feeding my face...Chicken, Broccoli.& Potatoes
of course... looking forward to your tweets!
#LasVegasFirefighters have a better track record saving lives when it comes to treating and transporting cardiac arrest patients.
awesome lol i like just woke up
I have draw something
Time for #OnceUponATime. Another Sunday night glued to my seat enjoying a great show.
RT : On #WorkWednesday why not apply to a #2012BestPlacestoWork finalists ?!
Hey girl! How does your weekend look like? I'm free all weekend so I would love to schedule something then!
#HBR webinar: cognitive processes involved in purchasing are largely contextual; dependent on the environment in which the it is presented
Accept those whose faith is weak, without quarreling over disputable matters. - Romans 14:1
Watching some crazy documentaries. .
check out the graphics on fb "graphic designs done by Tonya Coop" let me know what ya think...
How about finding out first hand? We are open for submissions for a June launch.
Gotta love those memories that when you think of them you cant help but smile :)
LAST CHANCE - Cyber Monday Sale ends tonight at midnight! BOGO kids ticket for Shrek the Musical! www.broadwayacrossamerica.com/blackFriday
Might be going to the army reserve thinkin bout it
Having followed One Direction since their X Factor formation, it just totally makes my day to see them on
Depends on your definition of "banned." It's been banned from many libraries and isn't purchased at all in many more.
finally beat my boyfriends score on fruit ninja. :D
I don't enter those things. Never win. But if you'd like to send me a gift card, I assure you I'd put it to good use!
no problem but my shuffle can't be fucked with lol
I like random spontaneous weirdo girls
Sometimes, a workout is so tough, I think I'd rather be fat.
LOVE someone like you, hooked;p love you!
I hope not, but I'm starting to sneeze, smh..
been there and Twitter always wins.
My channel is boring and is mainly for my entertainment. I don't care how many views I get.
Hate when people put "OG EVERYTHING" when the shoes came out last month.
Heh. I bought my first real (canister, not upright) vacuum cleaner not that long ago—can you tell? :)
Nap time?
Wow. That is serious commitment to the cause. I remember seeing your documentation at RPSCollective last year!
When I don't message you. Doesn't mean. I forgot about you. I was just giving you time. To miss me.
Taking a break from the museums world for an arts world event. Senator Al Franken says "Comedy is a craft." YES!
Jurors in Abdul-Jaleel trial back in court for clarification on 'attempted murder' charge. Deliberations continue
Bring it on, Earl.
#ChildrensMuseums can contact their local to find out about scheduling a Sid the Science Guy event
"TODAY may be THE DAY. Never give up! YOU NEVER KNOW. Go, go, go!" ~S.M.W ...PERSEVERANCE pays... get ready to cash in. ;)
How did I turn into such a worthless LA weather punk? It's 60 degrees and it happens to not be sunny and it feels like a weather emergency.
Pumped for some much-needed #zumba tonight!
damn,I gotta get up n start workin on these songz again fam,im workin on 2 hot 1's,#TIME2GRIND!
Make sure u follow us so we can DM u
Students have been giving some really good oral presentations on World War II photos the last few days--I'm really proud of them.
The rush to minimum viable product is a thrilling one. Highly recommended.
Back up to $70,000,000 on Saturday! Fingers crossed...
I'd like some fan fiction.
are you going to the indy 500? I need some info if you want to see Benny bennasi with all of us!
*sigh* I'm debating between Insanity, basketball or God of War 2 after work.
Sorry we missed each other in Austin!
" woo hoo" *insert mini fist pump here* lmao ;) love u!
Love your cupcakes, soul punk :)
"I want to be a bacon ninja!" - My 7-yr. old son. Why didn't I think of that career option?
AxeOffUSA-Monthly Guitar Contest - Hard Rock Cafe New Orleans (Platinum Sponsor) Please list our events. www.AxeOffUSA.com
no everywhere
U stood by me through all of my good days all my bad I know what I got at home I ain't go never leave that them niggas bet's to believe dat
“: Only 139 tickets allotted for all LA fans traveling to Portland? Really? That's kind of silly... #MLS”
Looks like its gonna be scary movies all night (: hate watchin em alone but it'll do for now
Want to see some real talent? The women in "The Rosalila" www.eastlarep.com are crazy good! Opens November 12th - check it out!
Just arrived at #SXSW - excited to see all the new things happening and talk
I'm not a fan, i'm a mahomie. I'm not in a fandom, i'm in a family. I'm not obsessed, i'm dedicated. My love for Austin is infinite<3
cheers! RT Appreciate all the contest support! Looking forward to some home transformations :)
Yeah? Like mega meltdown fail or just vanilla no progress fail?
Big things piping
Good day<3
If any of you, ever had any legit questions of anything deep..you need to check out this, "A Druid's Year" peice I stumbled apon! Go to..
Or go back to bed idk.
Watching girls fight on Twitter because it's taking up almost my entire Feed. Take it to the RL!
First sociolinguistic interview of the day cancelled. You'd think I'd be irritated, but I'm deeply relieved. I'm far too busy this week.
Welcome to the family of AxeOff USA! We look 4ward to having you as a host! Mike Ladd Entertainment LLC www.AxeOffUSA.com
PESTIO=factors influencing the archivist's decisions of what to collect. Political, economical, social, technological, i----, and other.
A lot of people seeking new beginnings have never finished with the past
Why must people steal bags of mulch and an evergreen tree from a gated community garden?
can't wait for that new Books record!
I'm about to be
I am Not like Ariana.Lets face the facts!Im not talented or flawless.Lol ur exactly like Cat.Lets not lie!Lol :]
lol who all are you with ?
I'm chillin bro can complain been working hard I c u grinding over there how's everything on ur side
LoL there go At the Same Damn Time lol
The Smilers RULES, you know! ;)
Put away those terrible towels till next year. Go back and shovel that snow.
that would be cool if you were, it would also make more sense because your good at every thing you do!!!!
How many votes does a corporation get when it enters a voting booth ? None, 0 nada,zilch It doesn't have proper ID.So there.
This lady on Dr.Phil has multiple personalities and can call on them when she wants.
LOVE IT! Listen at 10:40pm for your shout out!!
aw! I loved mentoring but happy to come back as a judge anytime
More rock than we can handle. Band practice today, Supersuckers and Reno Divorce tonight, and Foo Fighters tomorrow! Rock and roll lives!
Thanks to for being follower #1,000!
Moving to iCloud before upgrading to OSX Lion was a bad idea.
only you understand me. . I swear
I think you're going to like our new computer backgrounds
Lmao RT : <<~~got some fie ass adlibs lol ": <---- Got Some Fire Ass Bars In The Making"
well good luck with the exam. U will do good !!!!!!!!
I know right! The cast are amazing and so talented!
lol yup 1130-730 I I'm the night manager at the double tree Hilton in Boston
i've been having this crazy obsession with spanish music lately. 😍
cute - but someone needs a haircut? ;) (liking the scruff, though!) ;)
where would yall be relocating?
#txla1 working on booth 1311, almost ready for the grand opening tonight!
Monday morning is for management training.
Best of luck,
upon my second viewing of Inception i must admit that it may be the best movie I've ever seen
If any of the Boyz ever notice me, oh my Fusco. I will be jumping off the walls. You don't even know. XD
Signing off Twitter for the day to avoid any more April Fool heartbreak. I'm uptight and hate pranks.
Yohannes talks about his agency's emphasis on policy reform which creates tremendous incentives for sustainable results
we got accepted to for this May! very excited to work with many talented programmers to help us build a physician portal! YES!
My first personal in-flight movie: Airplane!
I wish I could make my own dubstep
why are you even talking?
LOL RT ": Alcohol. RT : #Caps fans, describe your emotions in one word. Go."
under today's date! ((:
wait...what?.. Lol
Submit stories!!
RT if your pic is real.
I freaking love <3333
Stupid pants.
I totally agree with you on that. Too many Ham & Eggers get big headed for being bench warmers.
highly doubt that lol
volunteers are at Borders (Greendale) today til 6pm wrapping gifts & collecting donations for the animals!
I didn't have kids. Because I never wanted to say things like that. I hope your kids never hear you say that. Enjoy them.
Strangely enough had to solve that exact problem three days ago. Subclass Parser and provide a custom .entity dict.
Sound goods lets get to work I need it to be the hottest behind the scenes video smokin
Happy Birthday !!!
absolutely love .... Do you use it?
Looking forward to Columbia Heights Day this Saturday!
Go-live days are always exciting. Today will be great!
Learned my body needs 1798 Kilocalories to maintain my homeostasis. But I insist on eating 3000 kliocalories just for extra proteins & fat.
If you don't think someone's worth your time then more than likely they're probably not.
So-laser
Are you showing bold enthusiasm in your life?
Hawks Cay for July 4
Dang two old conan obryan in one week.
Michael Gass-agency websites-make it easy for your prospects.
#MyPastRelationships included a boy who said he didn't think our age was appropriate.. yet his next girl was my age -_-
Thanks man!
thanks for the follow! Really enjoyed your article in
drink, drink, drink. PLEASE.
Get your cakes, cookies and pastries for your New Year's Eve celebration @ Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
Are you coming to #Drexel today? We miss you!
haha I had to ask my mom what day it was >.<
Eternal hope: um
Sorry to hear that, Adam. Please email our Sales Manager, Dennis, at , to review and clarify.
oh no! Call us if you need anything!
stay true Jim! stay true!
Where does love begin? Lol.. NOT on FACEBOOK or Internet that's why it's called live at first meet???
30 Followers Still NEED MORE FOLLOWERS!!!
RT Been waiting at the mall for Yung Joc for the past six years. Starting to feel like it might not actually go down after all.
RT : I know my heart will never be the same, but I'm telling myself I'll be okay. -Sara Evans
I like digital galleys, but I have to find the right reader that displays PDF that doesn't make me a candidate for LASIK
Seeing All Time Low in June
excellent AWP! happy to see everyone in chicago!
Just voted for you homie - keep up the great work !! Lmk if you'd be interested in sitting in on the keys w us sometime !!
Crunchitize me captain.
some beliebers are really annoying.
Packing. Fresno in the am with Rock Steady Ministries. Youth conference at Crosspoint Church
good morning everyone
Only game 3 and I've chewed all of my nails off= intense.
my roommate was like a rank 48-49 and he would just kick our ass all day when we didn't have football practice lol
All you can change is yourself, but sometimes that changes everything! — GARY W. GOLDSTEIN
Monica just sang the s&%* out of the National Anthem @ the final four
now we have to start reading your tweets in reverse!?!
Shared experience > Location
“: I sold a head light bulb to him! Btw aren't you on your honeymoon? Congrats!!”/ yes and thank you!!!!
Definitely seems like the perfect fit for the Social Suite! How ya been big guy?
still not sure how to use this twitter thing - thanks to everyone who is following me - am working on following you back but not there yet
Take me by the tongue and I'll know you. Kiss me till you drunk and I'll show you. All the moves like Jagger. I got the moves like Jagger.
you know it.
DO NOT CLEAN THE HOUSE. I insist.
Diablo 3 Being Released May 15! Not going to get off my computer when it comes out <3
There are just some songs that NEVER get old.
“Beauty is eternity gazing at itself in a mirror. You are the eternity and the mirror.”
I like that the #ASM conference includes worship.
Paps mows down first two. One more to go.
Obviously im not the only one that 'changed'.
Love it! Let us know when you guys are up for a visit. We are around & would love to see you!
Don't forget Kentucky when it comes to bad football teams.
they r good pace has really picked up its really good things happening
I made it too easy for you
Ever heard the Top Gun Anthem? Guitarist is Steve Stevens. His parent and the Phillips would get along
aww ;) hopefully u meet someone
"Sarcasm" With my mom -_-
See, now that's what I expect from the 3 of you. Properly done. Good job.
Just spent the past 4min building a pro/con as to whether or not Trader Joe's fruit floes are a suitable wedding dessert
want to come over around 7:30?
Actress Freida Pinto spent hours online researching chimpanzees to prepare for her role in Rise Of The Planet Of The Apes.
U DO DA SAME HOMIE KEEP GOD 1ST RT : Good 2 hear! Excellent way 2 b! I'm #Blessed as well bruh!
I know it's raining but nothing can grow without the rain! Rain is growth! Let's grow Wisconsin!
Yeah, I had to grow accustomed to it over time.
Headed to Oaks. Better not break the bank like last year
Thanks, Jim. Hope all's well Down Under.
RT : you know ladies is giving us prgramming that makes us feel good. Start with one show. If you build it it will come
Floyd the Barber from the Andy Griffith show
dude congrats on graduating! Now pass the bar so you can be our lawyer.
Finals for 500 dollars!!!
Excellent article #Trayvon Please get ppl involved!!
nothing says summer like a sonic cherry limeade
Polar baby! MT : Aurora likely pregnant. Maggie Brooks says this is the world's first artificial fertility process.
Funny thing about butterflies?Half the time you wish you didnt have them and the other half is wishing you still had them when they are gone
What this city needs is a Shadow Mayor. I wonder if purple rubber-wearing fake superhero guy can help design the costume.
Hey, its Wednesday. That's pretty sweet.
Where you from ?
Thank you MT": Feinstein...talked to Steinberg...about ADA lawsuit(s). Wants 90 day "right to cure" 4 businesses"
You're sick when the tops of your ears are cold & your toes are hot.
"Every step we make by our own courage is worth a vast number of steps made by someone else." -Manly P Hall
either you rolling with me or you not! ride or die in this bitch slimgoodie im simply the best!second place dont work for me! it goodieworld
WOW!! They are amazing. Thanks for sharing
hmm I am seeing people in the chat... wonder if it's being slowwed because everyone wants to hear about trade stuff
what you doing in the dirrty hotalanta
That's our fellow worker in #occupyrichmond! RT : Katie kickin ass as usual!
Inspirational quote of the day: Suck what?
the maps r in all playlist. they were all night last night.
I feel like shit today. >.<
#Salute Happy Charter Day!!!
Randomly craving some factory right now.
Still Time to Take Advantage of Free Shipping on Media Tape Orders!! Give us a call today!
Wow, the wildflowers on I-37!
Whats 50 grand to a ma fucka like me. Can u plz remind me
and then you shit yourself.
in order to supply your full daily recommended of vitamin SUGAR?
#Celtics need to Drive, if they slow down then they need to ISo wit Pierce & all help get those rebounds if he misses.
Way to go #RBJ Best of the Web
Arcade/ has MONSIEUR, by Emma Becker, coming in November for your 50 SHADES OF GRAY fans.
“ I miss when I was little, and didn't care about my weight, clothes or hair, I just did what made me happy...”
I'm going to try for like end of June or sometime in july
that's how they "killed" her parents. Any chance they didn't find a body? They can't really kill Robin Scorpio! Will have to youtube
So nice that I just want to nap ALL DAY!!!!
Follow back :] LOL your username is classy ;] :D
More from MWP: "I look forward to getting back on the floor with my teammates and competing for the Lakers fans."
"But friendship is the breathing rose, with sweets in every fold." - Oliver Wendell Holmes
makes me want to fucking die
#BELIEVE album in process!:) should write about his beliebers<3
it is funny lose a few and it is crickets in this chat...wow. we are still a great team, just have a little bump
APRIL 7TH "OZONE BABY' TRIBUTE TO LED ZEPPELIN kenny iguana's 668 Talbot Street St Thomas, Ontario
When you go on about love and marriage like that, I just feel so warm and fuzzy inside 'cause someone gets me.
Getting ready to rock it as ShawnMikael(s) with Mikael Johnson. Source Theater. 9:30.
I picked to dark of a color
#Tiger #Woods is going to be playing #Golf tomorrow with the only guy who can and WILL beat him, Graeme McDowell (Chevron 2010).
awesome! I have good friends in both cities!
Just now getting around to making me some breakfast
cheers and thanks for having me on the pc pod-chat.
finding myself annoyed by the inconsistencies in the #cataloging of my pubic library--some titles r capitalized like sentences others arent
2 news sources stated PS was meeting w/ DOJ yesterday. Pokerstars made a statement that they will comment when talks are over.
Only the 6th time an 8 seed gas upset a 1 seed. Thats like Duke losing to Lehigh thus year. Pretty crazy bro
nice shoutout in the journal!
Haha! Well, your personality sparkles even more than your outfits.
-- sad, so sad / to miss the plum flower / before it fell #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
Follow Me Back?(:
Auto insurance? We check dozens of top-rated companies to find the right plan and price for you. Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
to go to college
I just wanted to tell you that your prom dress looked AMAZING! I loced that silly pic of you and Alex (:
Almost! I had to stop at my grandpa's. But I'm on 92nd, I gotta put my boots on then I'll be ready (;
We're quite surprised that not many of you know about our 50%off sushi menu. Please check it out!
Tweeting from 3d meeting 21st Century Conservation Service Corps federal advisory committee, Rocky Mtn Arsenal, Colorado
U was my first ever follower lolRT hey twubby.
and , please email us at with the email address you would like your Amazon gift card sent to.
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed lol why would people really do this
Working on news story & need users who R running in the Pittsburgh marathon, ½ or relay. Contact us as
Did I really get an attendance letter when school is almost over. Fuck off Pisd!
Procrastination will prolong your destination! Do it and do it NOW!
I was thinking orange cause that's what color they are but then that'd be wack! I was thinking pink -fave color <3 haha
It was an absolute amazing reboot, although when compared to Batman Forever, twilight becomes a good film
“: Totally awesome that John Boehner just tweeted me.” Beware...he's a politician. He probably wants something.
Man, careful...you are probably gonna get yourself Hendo'd again! O-V-E-R-R-A-T-E-D!
Worth a shot. Baron's got good size. He can create for himself and others. I'd like to see how he'd play w/o the ball.
Yay thx so much, ditto! :) RT : sendin out BR love...keep up the good work...glad 2 b on the team w/u..
May this Christmas be so special that you never ever feel lonely again and be surrounded by loved ones!
Hope everyone had a great time at #GradBash! Tweet us your pictures and video so we can put them in the Senior slideshow!
so who do you think is gonna win the NBA Championship?
Just got my first book out of the library. Also-- I feel so late to the party.
Girls with orange skin are the best
Your Saturday Night isn't complete without dinner out on the town! Make it a Grazie night: 305.673.1312.
how come ur not in the new g.i joe
Dammit. Yet again I've discovered my brilliant, revolutionary idea has already been done by someone else. Stupid preemptive copycats.
Looking forward to doing this mornings show with Nick and Kelly.
#ARTISTS you shouldn't have to do the business and make the music! You shouldn't have to wear so many hats
Tweeting from my new phone. Using Swype. Goodbye 20th century!
pretty sure it's at the one on hwy and greenfield
hey, guess what? one week until I'll be at
Thank you Linda B. We will do our best to get you a great river view suite when you come in a few weeks!
I'm interested in working abroad... I'm a graphic artist, but would teach too. Any suggestions?!
WHY IS CILANTRO SO GOOD!?
Tim Dillard, the cab is here to take you to triple A.
Follow a PLEASE :)
How was the Refectory?
oh i was like... "tf? is she saying her mom thinks we're gonna throw wet noodles at her again?"
omg atleast your getting paid
"Don't worry about avoiding temptation...as you grow older, it will avoid you."
what kind of dogs do you have?
Definitely "A perfect murder" with Michal Douglas and That NYC apartment is absolutely stunning! Ranked
Hope you are having a great weekend. Holla back.
BBQ on the quad? You know what that means.
I'm healing up after a migraine attack last night. I spent 11 hours in bed. 4 of those were not very pleasant.
and thats to all you club rat/ partying hoes that fuck and suck and think about the next guy in line...thats not the way to live and ur...
yes we shall I hope your studying goes well
I have no doubt he is that ignorant. Can't reason with a guy like that so quick "go f off" type of response gets blown out of prop.
Phone scavenger hunt at church tonight?!
Anyone going to Vegas memorial day weekend?
Game 4:WHO CAN TELL ME WHEN THE 'MY GIRL 'MUSIC VIDEO CAME OUT ?
Crazy couple weeks & headed back out on location this evening...
#IGetJealousOf...other girls talking to my boyfriend
so many choices of things to insert.. Hmm.. Hi I'm michelle <3
Still on cloud 9!!!
really cute pic :)
Hope everyone had an AMAZING Easter weekend! Team Ten Media didn't take any time off, too much work to accomplish.
i want to get wankered with !!!
what happened with brothas back in the days with missing teeth.. they didn't have a chance in the world of staying out of trouble.. dag.smh
CASSIE sexy af but her MUSIC suck ASS!!!
Good morning
wish washington can figure the debt ceiling & balanced budget w/out putting their constituents in the middle!
you've been down now its time to Get Up :)
Weird. Mine works just fine in Chrome.
WISH I WAS AT HOME MAKIN BEATS!
hey you should check out some of See Jane Rock's music on facebook, I think you'll like it!
I don't think it's necessarily her hotness, more her 95% nakedness coupled with the hotness,lol.Like an unbalanced stripper.
So what have I learned this week. 2 loads of laundry and dishes everyday keeps us caught up and includes nap, wii and internet surfing.
Its Monday! Will you spend the week asking "why me?" Or start asking "what now?" Make it a #GodFirst week!
GoGo down the line! Here's Braunie!
Tonight PHAME launches a great collaboration with United by Music, 5:30 pm at Lola's Room/Crystal Ballroom - more info soon!
I cant stop snackin on stuff....got the kitchen on lock.....
Plz follow me pit I love u:)
Boston market!!!!
Today, for every tweet, fb update or blog tagged with #beatcancer, 1 cent is being donated to cancer research. Tell EVERYONE! #beatcancer!
How the hell do I catch a cold during spring
hoodie tweet was hilarious
But every single night i just be lying awake cause i cant get you off my mind
Group exercise classes build a sense of community and can make you look forward to hitting the gym.
Love being on tour with my school house peops. West Virginia, mountain mamma, take me home, country road!
-yawn- tired and i called into work today like a boss
And I need to stop snapping and shut up before I get fired
A lot of pretty ladies work here. RT : Man. Roses are pouring into today like WHOA
The Browns hates its fans
i know miss those days!now its like i get on when i can...how u been tho??
wuz amazing :D does bobby roode have a twitter?
Congratulations on your success, Stephan! Color is a stunning album! Thank you for your solo piano contributions, Wonderful!
Hysterical. RT I plan to cry later tonight so Leap Day William will definitely be throwing lots of candy #30Rock joke.
sorry I was in class and K dm
and he has the voice of an angel <3
The weather is nice. BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE -J
I wish to hug you in real life haha
damm chocolate wht u got to eat on...im finna come rape ya refridge.
I feel ya wats good wit ya
At same time, for such small amt ($1.7B), it wud be a shame to lose. My guess is it is unconstitutional anyways - read Prop 22.
Tonight Florida's most honored community theater RUMORS by Neil Simon
Sign of the times: I saw a pic from boxing match and thought it was a still image from a video game.
phone and facebook gone-__-
It's fine man haha
Follow my Bestfriend she's kool like ice
The University of North Carolina has scheduled an appeal with John Middlebrook concernng their suspension in football.
a few people walk while most people sit...a few people run while most people walk...when most people are running it is time to fly...Dream!!
every battle i fight makes me stronger everyday. i been through some low valleys. even though my clothes are torn, still goin
Cotton Fields, or another one?
And much thanks for tweeting the link!
Stay out of the water if you know what I mean! LOL
Nah, the usual amount.
she wants someone to giver that rifle get it? 😁
illegal immigrants, who have resided in the United Sates for an extended period of time, could become legalized.
Stop by the DAC for Research Day today to celebrate the work of Drexel's best and brightest from 11 - 2:30. Awards presented right after!
heck yess !! buhh than again , when is he not ? :)
I deal with the most stupid fuckery niggas.
Always a good night at the club with the girls when I find $5 on the floor & they play some #hyphy music yeeeee
I wish the #nbaconferencefinals has extended series =[
#NotAPrisonThemeSong Birthday Cake- Rihanna
Sometimes the people that claim to love you the most are the ones that hurt you the most without realizing it."
you can take mine but then you have to breath fire.
#nowplaying New Order
yay!! So glad you got it and liked it. Pop up studio sounds amazing. Spread my brand. I would love to get more exposure. Hugs:)
And that my dear friend ... is why I appreciate your hard work and dedication!
Me? F-f-freezing, wet, & covered in mud in the (make believe) jungle all day.
If we could see through to the heart of anyone in the world, we would love them.-Marianne Williamson
did you ever get to trade for an mlb login?
Do I have any NYC based event photographer friends?
I'm ready for the weekend.
Sunday night slow jams is where I always run away too :-)
macs cost twice as much to fix, but I like osx a lot. and some people gotta have their mac! But I fix apple too :-)
If you owe me money, don't call me and ask if I know anyone who has weed.
I now know where i get my attitude from.
Finally get too see my nigga tomorrow!
Congrats to the cap on the clean sheet, but he pretty much just hung out all night cuz & the rest of the d dominated
On my music flow, kooling to the max.....
whew I can't even...
I believe this bravery calls for a celebration! I hereby decree a stroll down mass ave hunting for chocolate & wine for you! Xo
#EvenIfYouPaidMeIWont give you your money back. Unless I have not done any work. I get half upfront for freelance work and is non-refundable
"The two most important days in your life are the day you were born and the day you find out why" - Twain -- Dwayne Johnson ()
Thanks for the follow! ;-)
usshh I hate you! Bring me some =))
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. -Jim Rohn
lol its ok. if i get it fair and square then it will be even better!
hey packer backers, who's excited for this next year???
you can't spell #triplecrown without #RBI josh hamilton aka #REALROYHOBBS is in pace.
Does anyone have the first few seasons of pretty little liars? I wanna start watching that shit.
so nervous already! But it'll be fun first time in 11 years since an audition. Only been singing for church.
It's great that Monday is finally over. Unfortunately tomorrow will only be Tuesday...
And the world goes on
The problem is never how to get new, innovative thoughts into your mind, but how to get old ones out. - Dee Hock
a direct message
Hey , if you think earning redonkulously sweet rewards by checking into your favorite places is weird, than yes, we're totally weird
I left left. Apparently I didn't send my bye bye email to the right alias :(
Henny bottles, ciroc bottles my bro wasted -,- he just opened some vodka smfh
I am thinking about getting a Ford Escape for a new car!
Writing is going well. We're working on a few prospects :-)
Not even a MINI Cooper Clubman? Damn!
Not going to lie, I was hesitant to follow u back bc your pic is a instagram pic of u and your girlfriend
What software or program do you recommend for creating dubstep, both for novice and pros? Thanks...
Tonight catch Mount Kimbie and MachineDrum at Cervantes Masterpiece Ballroom in Denver, I will be showing my New Feather Collar Accessory!
Grim news from eye doc. Looking forward to the rest of my career on concrete poetry & land art.
Follow me on instagram
Your song must get played for at least 60 seconds before it counts as a BDS spin. One verse in the mixshow aint gone cut it.
makes Inside even better too
10yrs ago, u graduated. Lol RT “: 10-year high school reunion this summer. What the fuck happened?”
We are having a meeting of the reference librarians at NJIT today
lol that still cool me too :)
i've fallen in love with tumblr
hahaha it's been a min since i've let u kno. So i had to. Ha & u never told me ur sign.
That would be...interesting? a disaster? ________?
Glad the session summaries were helpful!
Please take more screenshots of my tweets
Tired and my allergies are getting worse!!!
Oops! Accidentally approved someone who's been spamming me with job opportunities on LinkedIn.
- that's totally inspired. :)
are there any new dunk sb's coming out this month
Back in town after a nice vacation on Hilton Head Island. Now to catch up on email.... (this may take awhile)
Honors English workbook.<<<<< Especially when you can't find the answers online
I want some of those Big Bang LeBrons now, but the resale prices are (x_x).
For every disciplined effort, there is a multiple reward. Jim Rohn
: LOVE this.
CBB unified start date isn't level playing field anyway..Qtr schools started 4on1s 2 wks earlier than semester schools!
Jones u?
r u gunna post the dance videos yet
Happy Thanksgiving!! XD
thanks for sharing!
Global Domination Mr. Noble FE Click Out! Chuuuuuuchhhh
"moths are the heralds, or better yet, the guardians of eternity,”. -Castaneda
wait, more to life than work? huh?
The Boy says we're going to a stand-up show tonight- hm what to wear???
Good day at work, now to go home to my awesome family and then play some basketball! :)
Lobby for faculty so you are viewed as a partner.
Currently watching 's podcast, pretty fucking interesting, good shit.
you bite your tongue chase buddies is illy
But maybe has done something to prove it that I haven't seen? Am open to possibility. has
ill come get u
I check it when I make my social media rounds, and I think it's more social platform than a filter toy. It's been on my mind.
I just got a call that I won a chance to meet from you, is that real?!
Off to bed. #goodnighttweetybirds!
For the next couple minutes
#WomenBuild^=#@#Habitat_org program underwritten by #@#lowes bringing together women worldwide to address the housing crisis worldwide.
Culver City and walking more than expected. That's a long wait for a cup of coffee.
Update: Display system is SOLD!
i got you bro
wasn't he drafted by Bucks and traded?
bought two piono's ,and don't even play.
tall hit mebup if yall see sum
Awww okay, Sam. Have a nice night. :) <3
Okay so i thinkk i got it now (:
Perhaps a blog post highlighting YOUR Tweet reactions from tonight's episode of is in order :)
wanting a union does not mean we have "problems." it means we want the power that we have a right to!
Ice cream! Love you!
Hey Kelli...Thanks for following me...following you too!
check us out on twitter and facebook!!!
I'm not
Ovechkin is a monster...
There is a light at the end of every tunnel….just pray it’s not a train!
Gym time biatches!
Ha! Maybe they offer a "30 day no questions asked" return policy. ;-)
Great shoot, couldn't have asked for a better crew. On to CT now
Start with Donald Glover and work backward. Patrice, Louis CK, Rock, Fallon, Conan, Corddry, Dice among the best.
Happy Birthday America!
Sunday morning sleep in
Thought I was go absolutely die at the gym today wtf
Small biz Saturday has arrived!!
You rock, Patti. RT : Getting ready for the first meeting of the 37days Book Club! I love reading and thinking in community!
that's why we're having the assembly--and it is the first one
please follow me i follow back!!!!
“: Much love to as he evolves from a Badger into a Bengal! #OnWisconsin” Go Bucky!
I'm like a little tea pot, just tip me over and pour me out!
about to start talk "Taking Modeling Seriously"
Josh might be the unreal juicer!
same to u! Hope u found somewhere to get some grub!
Did you know? Peanuts are not nuts but legumes grown underground. #Happy National Peanut Butter Day! How are you celebrating?
lol!! Thanks... If not, ima turn her into a fan! Lol
all your VIP needs and bottle service in Vegas. Contact me when your in
dont worry i got you.....i will be DMing you very soon
I once heard a pimp say the only way 2 have the upper hand on a women is to be flyer than her
Fat chicks swear they have a free pass to cap on people.
Paul, you are very welcome. Thanks for all the great posts!
can't remember the last time i was in bed by 9:30 😳
LMAO! I look disgusted!! not very a la Julie Roberts in Pretty Woman!
post only links to valuable content to masses of followers. If tweets are good, you will get more dedicated follows.
Fitch just downgraded his credibility to junk.
Those who find strength and courage to continue inspired action everyday after the initial inspirational moment(s) are those who succeed.
what if halle Barry felt about me the way I do her
Using Flickr to Collect Images Captured on Cell Phones, great for presentations about field trips with kids picts.
damn damn damn! Ill be home in san antonio and I return the 30th.
in need of a new name!!
a day of design on the pack porch, keep it up June weather! DO SOMETHING (TODAY)
Happy day! Free haircut here I come!
Good Morning. All praises due to God for this glorious morning...
Super shout out to my new followers. I wish it was a button i could load u all to!!!
Hey, thanks! How are you?
Hey Ray! Thanks for the follow, I love Lynda!
Netflix "DMT". Enjoy;)
My friends just won't the trifecta bet on I'll Have Another in the derby today...just won $48,000...this calls for a celebration!
He's done bro.
moore giving us delayed opening tomorrow #woohoo :]
A portal introduces the reader to a subject by presenting images, categories and excerpts of key articles
I'm a vegetarian again
Can't decide if I like Pandora or Last.fm better.
#keeper RT : aye y'all just told me if we go together she'll convert to a lakers fan that's def what's up
": Twitter what's up?" Chillin in Cali eating Tuna on Toast that's what's up.
It is great to be alive happy Thanksgiving world
Please Follow Back (: I need to ask you some Questions .
yes of course! Great blog!
Hi again - I just signed up for it! Didn't know if it is a webinar or not... thanks
he really is. Lol
a Kleenex used by dr dre!
Playing at South Paulding High School friday night!! Gonna rock it out for Jesus! Amen?
Was finally able to watch the series finale of Season 9 was beyond good. It makes me so sad it's over. 😢😭😪💔
Finally! Good grief took the viewers long enough... She should have gone home over Jaleel
These are the favourites of most consumers of Nutrisystem diets
I've written 3 letters today. Doing my share in keeping the Postal Service alive ;)
I just might, sir. I just might.
OK, Lin-sanity - I'm in.
can't wait for it! : Killer #turbokick class this morning Round 50 is gonna be off the hook!!
Can't wait to walk this 5k bright and early tomorrow morning
GGGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH ! school in the morning D; just got home. -___- night ♥
Seven days without love makes one weak..
A moving single-lane closure WB Beltline from I-39/90 to Fish Hatchery Road from noon to 2 p.m. for emergency maintenance work.
lol you know today I chought my self singing endless love by you!!!!
....and once again i look stupid :l
haha good time I bet u guys working tonight
#SLB I need emails.
Cutting out snowflakes. Feeling artsy.
There's plenty of COM swag that we can bring over if Eddie wins...
Had the best birthday yesterday!!! I love my family <3
has single-handedly reinvented my love for
OH NO! BOSHY!!!
my daughter sold 110 boxes over the past month, so no thank you...enjoy them!!
I am now 2 lbs away from my college weight (after I gained the Freshman 15) So I am thrilled but want to go at least 5 more. Can't do 15!
Saving the new seasons of #NurseJackie & #TheBigC until after I turn in final grades
see your face shining Like the moon in the night
Thanks Michelle! I'm excited... two passions; food and healing
#NowPlaying: The #MarioLanza Show. Mario sings the best in opera and contemporary tunes.
AYYEE! RT : roadtrip to 's for his grad. party in june ? YOU KNOW WE THERE !
2 weeks in a row with great sales at Water St. Keep it comin' Milwaukee, we appreciate your business
PEOPLE FUCKIN THE WORLD UP
Falling down is a part of life; getting back up is living
Take ownership and responsibility for your actions...
miss my lil
i got my phone taken away.thts it.
That's whats up
like this: if Taurus ASC, related to the 6th/Libra (difficult); if Libra ASC related to the 8th/Taurus (also difficult)
Taking Christina to buy a new leotard for her meet tomorrow
Thank you for the heads up !
My girl just mention me :-)
ConcordSoap fans: tweet with #mysbc & let them know why they should feature our small biz...and why you can't get enough of us!!
I think I'm being showing the trending topics from like UK or something for some reason
RT Time is running out, hurry up to sign up for my new clinic: Myofascial release and fitness all in one! B.Y.O."Grid"
In 6 hours I have to go to work :(
girl, is Hannah Rowan a sister of yours by chance?:) -g
hell yes. And send us all a box.
Have organic hemp seed bread as your morning toast. One slice contains 100 cal, 7g of protein, 2,5 g of fiber, lots of vitamins and minerals
what's up? Miss you here!
Hahaha, I wish I had alcohol right now.
yes! Tomorrow works for me.
Often harder as well.
Wow never seen $ Mayweather get hit like this ... I like it! I ain't ever root for a puerto rican in my life but I am tonight!
#FF these amazing guys
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through
bring a friend and split a bottle of wine with dinner tonight - 1/2 off!!!!
"A closed mouth will never get fed." So are you going to continue to keep your mouth closed and strave? Or are you going to open your m ...
I'll say it again #Okc ya fuck everything else
she must really wanna go to culvers
If u ever need to talk about anything I'm here. I wanna make people happy and smile that's why I make music. I really do care :)
Alice Tan Ridley performs @ the Caswell County Civic Center in Yanceyville North Carolina Oct. 8th @ 8pm.
thinking about starting a video blog titled "the ranting reverend" because wearing a clergy collar seems to make you an authority now days.
Grateful for my agents!
#Piranha might be the best movie ever
I feel like everyone is judging me for this giant red welt on my neck. No, it's not a hickey. It's a bug bite gone horribly, horribly wrong.
I wish the gun range was open.
lol you have to read them then write a very long detailed report....I'd rather watch them or write a song
Huh, the D was ballin RT : the "d" needs to step up. Then everyone would be happy...
nice! that should be a fun day! I'm ready for my first tri after the Indy mini marathon.
": I truly believe arrogance kills successful companies and careers more than strategic errors or competitors."
"Dare to be different" is the phase of the day!!
I really really really can't wait for the to open.
I have to check. I forget! I think you have to email her
Tonight ought to shut a lot of Braun-haters up for a bit.
uh oh
Don't you hate it when you feel guilty about yourself because you weren't there for that special person and now there gone?
Braves win.
lmao that's some funny shizz!
thanks so much for your support! #muchlove :)
Book a tour of AMOA-Arthouse for you and your friends! Call 512-453-5312 x104 or email to schedule a tour.
Thought I did but I was mistaken.
Dang we know lots of people that could already have their phd! LOL
Thanks for the follow. I'm fascinated by place. How does AK show up in your writing? Seems to be an inspiring place.
Wouldn't it be swell to fix our economic crisis? Music, physics, sports, tech, travel, spirituality, love...so much more fascinating. Stop!!
Ariana is adorable, flawless, kind, talented and absolutely amazing. All the haters out there know its true, they're too scared to admit it♥
I can't feel my face! Lol just got done at the dentist. Don't you hate that feeling?
you'll be coming on the 10th right!!! I'll get a pole if I have to!! (kidding!!)
You should!!! I've been thinking about it, but they just don't work with my frizz. I love long hair and bangs though.
I wish people would realize that there are a lot more important things and battles going on in the world than the petty shit we complain
Up since 5am & mad that my body won't go back to sleep.
Looking forward to it.
Trying to hide the fact that I'm starting to like him... but Id wanna get hurt. So I do what I gotta do. Idk??!!!
In chitwon district, confirmed two schools for tomorrow's art workshop with school students.....................
anyone in the Vegas area need some construction wk done? Dry wall / metal framing / paint, etc..com or res? I have a great referral!
You better be showing Oklahoma City how LA gets DOWN!
Good morning my tweeters!!!
he did. Before Fallon. Watch again.
just over think !!!
"Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." Our Cub Scout Pack says: "Leave no trace."
#chicago it's #rainy &#cold today! If you need to get somewhere find out where is Rollin' !!
hey why no Millard tonite?
Johnny developed a wiring harness problem, so we replaced it with Bad Cats at 25cents. Slabtown now has six machines at 25 cents!
Getting over it...
Authors worth the follow:
Almost all the trending topics right now are about SNL.
Is it friday yet people!?!?! I haven't seen nor heard from my girl in a millions wks! Whats up with that? LOL
The reason dealers charge outrageous deale fees is simple. Some people pay them!
This is getting annoying. Either it rains or it doesn't. Enough of this on and off crap 😒
hahaha, I love it! Where do I get a set?
Thank you 4 compliment re: #Beertown nom at HHA. Stay tuned 2 ur email in next day or w 4 news about its future.
and Eisen...smug bastard.
Haha he sure did! I wonder what the 2016 Draft will bring? ;)
What a way to kill the conversation -_____-
Yea man, legs to grow! You good on the bench?
So...eating a half a bag of trail mix at 3:45am and then going to bed is totally okay, right guys? Right?!
I am not very good at this either just so you know,I just did something but I don't know what hahah
Game changer?
hahaha thts wht I thought u ment to say but I wasn't exactly sure
Hey Luv lemme know when and where the next video shoot is
Oh man, teething
Happy Mother's Day! All of you mommas out there are amazing! Today is your day.
nothin much at sylvia house watching movies. Wyd?
#magnalogix is rocking it today with our intro special for all new clients. Contact us at 866.460.6611 for more info !
- I didn't know you were five years old
more than normal?
Dude where's my car
lol no you're a jerk! I cant even say a little two letter word without feeling dumb....
RT thanks so much! : Loved your song
huge congrats to getting 3 million WMYB views. <3 they deserve it. Now they just need 100k likes on facebook :) #support x
I use beer lol works the same haha
letting the past have the power to ruin the future,
Praying for you today. Know God's love is fresh every day! Blessings!
was going on
sounds like a great trivia question, lol
I'm gonna be annoying and share every second of my life on twitter just like my new best friend
OMG! Hey hey hey. How r u?
That moment when I tell my iPods voice command to play what makes you beautiful and it plays music from high school musical. Wtf
So excited you're coming to Indy for 500.
RT Last #Friday #real #estate word unscramble - dormer, 2day's WORD: ytpra lawl HINT: separation. We salute our #Veteran's!
when will you finally be back on O&A? Did something happen that they don't have you back?
I'll try to convince them to drive haha
Thank you. We appreciate the honest feedback. Will pass this along to Chef Tai.
i love it. the breitbart wankers are upset there were only 4 eyewitnesses to romney's bullying, not 5.
I think Newt decided on 'cheerful' because it's his safe word.
Ha, not the case on my KC timeline. Mass self-pity and loathing.
:):) i might hv rt that too. Dont stop cant hear it enough
I really really really really wanna 3 legged dog. #S.mousePhan!
lol. RT More people than usual. RT who's watching TruTV right now??
morning to you too man... Praying for all the success in the world still for u cus u deserve it have a good day
I'm not sure. Let me accept on Facebook. I'm fixing to get home! I bet we have lots of friends in common lol
Spicy buffalo wheat thins >
When did nicki start doing pop music
wanna go to a concert tonight?
Big Party for all State Employees (Nationwide) Paraiso Sports Bar 101 Collins rd. Richmond Texas lets go! #IceColdProductions'Saturdays#
should this nnamdi rumor be reason for excitement?
going to sleep. if you followed me while I was asleep you'd make all my dreams come true. Please don't shoot me down;)
While Lamb and Livingston slaved in the Palais basement, Yujia Wen was sitting in on daily seminars a few doors over
Where are you going?
well I sure do miss y'all. We need to Skype sometime.
“Every situation, properly perceived, becomes an opportunity to heal.”
wish we had floor seats doe
Nice pic. What is that filter? X Pro II? #hipstagram has filters like PBR Tuesday.
i had one and could prove it.
are going to keep you up-to-date on the Rangers Spring Training. what game are you most excited about this season?
My mom just called me hot and foxy in the same sentence. I really don't know how I feel about that.
Hard to argue against that. A bus like that speaks volumes without words.
@ 1526 North Fairfax Ave,hollywood 90046 , 10:15pm 2 hummer Limos pick us up and we have 4 bottles at kress rooftop. Pls wear RED and BLACK
It's about time I invest in some snow shoes for hangover Fridays. This just isn't working.
Good one.
Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work
maybe a Hanley or Jose Reyes
Where there is no vision, the people perish
Marty: End of day status is that Bridge City, Orange have basically finished up rescues. Not sure when power, people coming back.
#TheAvengers was soo damn good! Definitely a must see!
Did they give Albert the cold shoulder treatment?
Get some
Its Ok , I Understand Your Lazyness LOL :)
The dog is the only animal that has seen his god. ~Author Unknown
We offer a variety of themed suites, each offering a different and unique experience. Click on The Rooms for options aladdinhotelmiami.com
Really stoked about rehearsal tonight. Going to be another great Sunday this week
omg so adorable
GAME DAY! Playing at home against Rhodes College tonight in match up. Tip off at 8pm.
I hate when little middle school girls complain about not having boyfriends. You haven't even hit puberty yet, kiddo.
From where you are sitting, you are the centre of the Universe
yeah I've already seen them <3
It's thursday so We're bloggin' and designin' and SEOin' and Twitterin' and facebookin'
yes ma'am !
It is even harder for the average ape to believe that he has descended from man
#sometimesyouhaveto talk to yourself for the only sane conversation of the fucking day
Lol ! LeToya . I knw what u mean . so u can see if their talkin bout u . I get that feelin
Everyone on twitter follow simpsonizeeerr
okay okay!
Fire bombs thrown at protesters and the Egyptian museum as well, says AJE
he is on his game tonight, I think he has five strikeouts and his velocity on the fastball has hit 96. His curve is on too
I AM FREAKING OUT.
RT : The more I drink the less I taste liquor
Delicious treats for Brunch ! Come join
That one goes hard...
New GEDCOM, API for export/import, semantic data standards/schemas for genealogy data -- great new stuff being announced at #RootsTech!
i suppose our friendship ends here.
Make that a 4 time Grammy Winner (Oscar on deck?) :-) Good to meet you!
eh I don't mind...I'm bored as hell down here. btw If you're going charger go SRT8. No need to go site lol
SONGWRITER/SINGER I'M ON MY GRIND
I am so unmotivated to do anything
I have't worn socks in months, but maybe I can dig up a pair just for you!
Lyfe Jennings - Will I Ever
Clean slate with good bones, to use a very mixed metaphor.
I know I've been sleeping all day.
Holocaust Remembrance Day <3
no, too busy working to have my temper tantrum. I am however, off tonight. Hmm.
I would like to sleep tonight
with a top ten finish! #illtakeit #goodjob!
cookie crisps and stussel cakes did just fine. Had a blast in Stillwater!
I feel like crying :/ i hate days like this. Think im just gonna watch one of my fav movies ;)
hah ok think it was fine If I can recall just messin. nite!
Chuck seems to be liking his guided workouts
Anytime after six....pm
just a quick update...I am going into Western Baptist Hospital in Paducah, KY on Feb 4th for surgery.
good idea!
Agreed! Shows a fundamental lack of understanding, or perhaps disregard, of different priorities of managers & bedside RNs.
lol sighs! add a couple people you know! its all about the pics and filters babes
Sen. Boxer praises Sens. Thune, Inhofe and Vitter for their work on highway bill. Last glimpse of bipartisanship this yr?
Tomorrow: Barbara Katz Rothman "Embodied Knowledge: The Case of Birth, Bodies, Science & Craft" 12-2pm Grad. Ctr. Room 6112. Free lunch!
all persian parents are like that i think ahhah
My amp.
Yes but would it work for selling homes? cc
Here my chance to get to follow me! Hola Justin! How are you??
Not only is Barack Obama spiking the football, but he is doing a traditional Kenyan dance in the end zone. Awful.
Always gr8 talkn to an ol friend - Dale Galloway! Wish u all could know him. One of the most Christlike men I know. Like a dad!
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
i dont know why i care so much...
Happy almost St.Patty's day! If you are in the southdowns area tomorrow, stop by and check out the construction progress!!
HAHAH omg julia u and fran are so fried...dude shes like a lobster right now.
Happy madre's day! I love her so much. <3
Hugo is the gimp.
oh Rich, it's not, but a ruination is. Cheers!
Tonight CKY with Black Cowgirl, Chuck Shaffer Picture Show and Synthetic Nightmare, Doors @ 7:00pm
Agreed, & don't think he's a perfect model of activism, but his work goes well beyond PR. At least he's doing something.
i remember march 9th... I was walking up to random people tables in applebee's asking them if they were Directioners&from the NYC group.
Wow...what a sad, angry man you are! Yes, our President will be reelected and, with any luck, Arpaio will be indicted.
I'm sleepy!!! AS FREAKING USUAL!
#HappyMothersDay Rest In Peace to all the mothers who didn't get a chance to see this day <3
#TeamFollowBack A Drunk Mind Is A Sober Thought
In my mind in my heart in my soul
what is actually happening? the SEC has to vote to *accept* the resignation? and that vote failed?
What's up with the war on bones when it comes to buffalo wings?!
Clippers and my favorite movie ever, sorry for not following you sooner haha
I didn't tear up at My Old Kentucky Home, but I did when I saw Anthony Davis.
#DontYouHateWhen U call ur ex to check on the kids an she never picks up the phone
My dream is to get followed by everyone in ... I would love to have you be my first?
Nothing, you? :)
omg. lil'mama .
There’s nothing like kicking back with the Kindle and sinking into the best story. That’s why I’m in the “emotobooks” Revolution.
Thank you to all of my new #Twitter followers. I'm excited to offer #advice, #TaxTips, and would love to work one-on-one with you!
#HarryPotterChatUpLines you don't need to say "lumos maxima" to turn me on.
#NFLrookie advice: As a rookie, the vulnerability of being new to media attention may catch you off guard. Get #PR ready!
yea boi!! Saw the new site in progress. So hott!
seeing how one of the film's main issues concerns the effect of passage of time on forensic evidence.
A tequini is a martini made with tequila instead of dry gin.
Added a couple of new choices to our selection this week. Got a Suburban and an Extended Cab F150 ready to go to work!!!
Watch: Exclusive Post-SmackDown Brawl
Xbox nation tonite
Should be a sweet show
missed another ustream :'(
The trap goin' ham so I know the police watchin' me
“: Hold the fuck up RT : “: Glee is dumb 😒” they singing be getting on my nerves” Hey Ash ☺
I love when I sound smart 😝
maybe if i threw a lamp at you you'd lighten up.
When makes the whole class sing to me <<
Are you @ Festa? and you expected better?
"I want to spread the news that if it feels this good getting used, you just keep on using me, until you use me up"
Almost won at words with friend
Happy Friday all! Have a wonderful St. Patrick's Day!!!
I'm gonna burn this shit and show it to my 88 followers
Everyone talking about THIER Super Bowl commercial. There is NO WAY I am going to brag about my 6 Super Bowl commercials. There is NO way!
hey again(: i just saw the address but is that his or his P.O box? And what format do i put that on an envelope?help!(:
Green lights all the way to the strip. Going to be a good day at work
“: H-Town Enuff said The twin's vocals who #shazam #dino”
i used to have a spectrum membership ._. i like lifetime better
Thanks for the shout out! Let me know if you have any questions down the road.
Please check out my latest {Portrait Photography} album & let me know what you think!
Trying to get trimmed up and ready for The Kentucky Derby festivities. It's also Cinco De Mayo and there's the Hair show tonight..
We are piercing and tattooing :)
Who's going to NJ or NYC Next week for UFC on FX ?
Big S/O to #Innovation!!
I wonder if its fun to braid mens hair
shit I know I'd be on the next thing smokin for real.
Bout to kill this shit!
what's this wind you speak of? I just roade my bike to school and it was nicer than usual :)
What's going on with Dreamhost?
#birthdayshoutout goes out to my FRONT...MY ACE
how canI email you some draft for glades? DM is too short. Inbox me your email if u can. Have a great idea about a story:)
Thanks for sharing. I already played the awesome Machinarium, but all of the others are new!! I'm excited to check them out!
Good round of golf
Ironically enough, my liver couldn't be deader
Only being able to breathe/hear out of onside of your body! <<< the feeling is unbarrable .
they seem very confident that no contamination will occur that they r no longer putting it on labels.
Does that mean you could use a hand up your butt?
Matt Kemp pinch hit, to extend his consecutive games played to 393.
I got a case of the wiggles. Not the show, but the uncontrollable shakes called alcoholism :/
where I find more seek list?
Brain-machine interface electrodes run the gamut from non-invasive caps to chip implants in the brain!
not at all :/
The ONLY "Reality" TV is "live" sports. Nothing else comes close.
This time we in is really depressing,troublesome, and sad...what to do??? just keep your head up and move on...
is that person just talking to himself? Needs self-help.
Just know that I'm always going to be here for you
Kobe just smacked from the 12th row though lol
I'm just like Toyota "aways moving forward"
I'm in class right now tweeting you
love you love you love you. Let's follow4follow? yes? try the link on my profile if you need free promotion.
do you go to school?
now you've got me thinking.... Should *we* be on Pinterest?! ;)
Finally time to get some windows cleaned, heading to St. Paul, near the capitol today.
and I bet the vast majority of people said, "why on earth would we want to talk to to people soar away?!"
The bruised season is upon us. ugh
Congrats on making it to the Final Four in the "Biggest Fan of the Big East" Contest. Praying for you to win it all!
State and make everyone so much happier!!!! SPREAD THESE WORDS!!!!!
#Aztecs! = awesome. Great game. Bounced back from 14 down to finish strong.
Everything is going great! Only three weeks left until graduation :)
A cuddle house simulates the close proximity of the areas between the rocks of a cliff.He feels secure in it,Happy Bird:)
psh I'm not moving anywhere right now. Too cold and too tired.
I really need to start noting who knows me only as Santiago.
Too true, sadly. But should we abandon aspiring towards true balance, or does that play into the maximalists' hands?
let's hit up a hipster bar this week #LA is always crackin
my liver hates me
#uwbadgers move on to Saturday!
Your pretty cutee(:
Toms Shoes Expands ‘One-for-One’ Giving Model to Glasses via
what a pretty ay it is today here in houston isnt it?? go outside and enjoy!
my hair is new very relaxed. So that's something.
So mad!
no problem :))
Heard the Knicks are rolling out Willis Reed at center tonite. Healthiest dude on the team.
but, I'm sure the Mom was an RN, right. That gives her access to the court. :)
What is that?
phew! I was starting to wonder if there was a ripple in time...
Holiday....finally
why is everyone worried?:/
Considering I am drunk and Christmas shopping.....someone is going to do all right tonight!
I have a Nook (1st gen). Now I want a tablet. Sigh.
Yikes. RT : Following Virginia Tech situation live Scary and sad...
Somehow, I can't get that #HermanCainism out of my head: #twirlingaroundinmyhead, #GETOUTNOW!
She does look cute, but not as cute as ya'll! Keep us in mind for recognition, award or just some fun keepsake bottles.
Captain America chamber RT Whatever it is that Juwan is doing 2 still look so young, I want 2 know his secret
Also, people that are undecided for the general election generally skip primaries. Somehow, there are still a lot of them.
How long into the season until #jets fans are calling for #tebowtime #gobills #supermario!
I missed it! I kept running into people I knew and got too chatty. Oh well!
baby yu had such a pretty pretty pretty face but boy you was a pretty pretty big waste of my time.!
Is that good?
went through site...worked that way. Never updates automatically through itunes.
Drunk people
Is at McDonald's
Oh man... ASH / Control / Sugar / I Hate Love / NYKoP / Blood For Poppies / Man on a Wire / Beloved Freak... man, all of 'em!
A master's degree is no protection against #homelessness if you lose your job suddenly.
Energy is finally at least at a 6
that's my show!!
on my way now, I look forward to seeing you!
10th street is so fucked up.. Atlanta might as well have fuckin gravel roads.
I new cowboys would lose....were playing against a world class quarterback unlike the douch romo we have.
Fing FB,I can't get away with not visiting my family with the excuse I'm busy, they say not too busy you updated your status as bored, FML.
agreed! I might b able to if I could just get away from this damned twitter! !!
Sunny and warm Saturday. Bring a bagchair, bike & make a morning centered around the Market. Weekly entertainment & free parking garage
yucky.I think that's the perfect word to describe the way I feel.
I'm seeing tons to Subway, Kardashian, Biebs, and avocado
It was a student film.
#3wordstodescribeme Anti-Abductions Experts.. Check out our site at www.nationaldt.com
How was the antique venture? Pick up anything good?
Let me be the one you call when you tryna be a freak 😘
'Never take a good person for granted. There's always a person around to appreciate what you didnt.' -- Kevin Green
“: Oh yea I'm flame at dat”just go one step further, she will love it! My man said he didn't.... Well he is boss now
RT : The Sherriffs dept. found him 2 miles away down the road with his shirt off!! Thank the Lord//!!!! glory.
No music just wanna hear the ...,,,
M what ya say? M that you only meant well? M what ya say? M that its all for the best, of course it is!
Of course gets it too!!! Cheers
And that was a very generous response to O'Donnell's lame question.
...up all nite.
-- I can make an exception to a Twitter follower. Can I email you at the email address on your website?
i wonder if my dog know my name or what does he calls me as.
Apparently re-seating the cables didn't fix it. ACMT > Mail-in repair service, except when you get bad parts. Sigh.
OMFG L00OOL i cant believe we did that a year ago! where da fuck does time g00000?
nope it woulda been to obvious haha #Japan now we got 3 pitchers from japan, tateyama, uehara & now darvish!
: Game opponents will need to find a new angle to restrict content and hope another SCOTUS case overturns the ruling.
Bosh was very much needed in this game
i am high on pcp
Its the #Monday before #Christmas..... What???
are you going to the mass?
YES! I finally got Autonets proximity sensing working! The sweet sweet taste of technological success! (preceeded by "i hate electronics")
didn't you know? zombies hibernate.
Time to fuck!!
9 o'clock mix tape lets get it
Applied to get tickets to the 2013 Masters
so texts work! Almost there!
John L. Smith reports in the RJ- DW Bistro to move Downtown to the old Andre's location on 6th and Andre Rochat. Time to change the St name!
So tired to the point where you can't go to sleep <<<
you haven't been open that long...why so soon with the remodel?
Rappers really need to find something else to do in their videos besides waving their arms in the same motion over and over again
I would like to thank KU/Lawrence also and for showing me and all of my teammates a great time yesterday
Tabitha Hope your day is full of Sunshine
#ir12 add me to the list please
Leslie Jeanne is practically a #MichaelJackson song
This show makes me hungry enough to crash a wedding
Your Jerusalem photography is beautiful!
If got pulled over, he'd be like "We talking 'bout weed, not crack, not crack, not crack...
charlie murphy can tell good stories lol
you guys doing anything for the game tonight?
Damn they are still together? type of relationship !
Mentally rebelling SO hard right now against this quarter starting up. :(
What are you doing today to challenge yourself?
if B's and FLA are out, it's time to get on the #NJDevils train!
Mad props to for picking up a copy of our album on iTunes! Thanks for the support :) you kick ass!
Tip of the day: if you want to be good at something then alls you got to do is stop sucking at it
Watching this Vikes/Packers game with no sound, I'm voting for all sports having no commentators. (Obviously does not apply to Gus Johnson)
We gave them matchup problems even when they were fully healthy.
Loving work - lots of insight . lots to learn. great model .
That's a great commercial!! Hilarious...
I'd love to fire Comcast. Someday, I will.
Upset Alert: #UMass leads 75-71 with two fts coming, 14 seconds to play over #21 #Temple. Huge win for Minutemen
Fox news regrets “any distress the false Tweets may have created.”
I'm saying bro Yo u should check out my song lake city I made a remix to rack city on sum laker Shit YouTube Barak lake city
might need a little 5 hour energy or I hear the MIO energy is a better tasting alternative :) Don't tweet and drive, Be safe!
Playing cover of payphone to everyone I know!
Almost got hit by a casket delivery truck today.
your fault
Girls in music videos, period. :(
Note to presenters: if link doesn't work once (or after 2nd, 3rd, and 4th clicks), clicking link just a FEW more times will NOT make it work
I can't stand how you can't tell me things straight up, instead I have to find out through everyone else. Nice. Piece of 💩!!
#DefOfEarning$$$ Looking at Father & Son, do both deserve to be called hardworking job creators? many would say only father.
doing some acting and writing songs for a new artist 'Safro'. He sounds like a cross between Lenny Kravitz and Jack Johnson.
Nice joke on Ustream, what u gonna be for Halloween
Wth!! Haven't been on here all day
My Boo In Her Feelings , I Never Knew All This Shit Was So Heavy On Her Heart :(
What a big win for the Lakers!! Down by 17 in 4th, double OT with same unit they battled and got a W!! #lakers go lakeshow!!
wow. Evan Turner with the clutchness!
how cute is that?!? peppermint :)
My favorite quote there is "'Liking' a Facebook page is insufficient speech... " I've been saying that for years! :-)
I am so grateful to God and to all of my true friends!!!
no worries you're good.
omg their breadsticks are amazing(: haha
Group 3, Culture: open source art, connect cultural enclaves, new histories, & find resources for freelancers thru social media
LOL!!! No, New York. Tho they may have been from Kentucky.
There's an old saying about those who forget history. I don't remember it, but it's good. Stephen Colbert
miss you girl x
me neither!
I believe jimmy carter and hilary clinton approach to north korea and their current transition is the correct approach!!!
thanks...I think! PS I didn't make that one up it was overheard :)
what time do you think a twisted dinner for #djangocon might take place?
watching a video on youtube of these girls that one a date with Justin Bieber, i would absoloutley die if i were them. O.o
wow.. you have nothing better to do than to mock my status..? my respect for you just jumped off a cliff.
It seems like you don't give a fuck about our friendship anymore or my general well being, so why should i try anymore?
Strand Events Today: 6:00PM Freeman Family Funeral Homes Remembrance Service - Free and open to the public.
so sleepy
I wanted a job, to teach, to be around ppl doing interesting things. Now I focus on a bigger picture I don't like at all.
helluva show last night sir!
Yeah me too I park my car in the garage at my work everyday and I swear I get random dents out of no where I hate it!!
best kids-book-related post title EVAR.
jealous because I miss you :(
That's totally entrapment!
I think i have gained myself a little crush deep inside.<3
pad thai fun tonight.
or what lol.
You got on a pea coat
Do You Like Motivational Quotes? Follow -
They were found in the morning, in the desert, in Santa Fe County: a quietness; a car; a human being's body.
Advanced Basement Systems Wins Excellence Award Advanced Basement Systems was recently honored by receiving an excellence award from the
they still serving the stone?
rogers where u at fam u in LA?
Probably true---the biggest game changer would have to be if Dumanis bows out---the numbers would narrow.
Oh My Gosh... it's happened... I have caught Bieber fever
It's the "you fuck up you're out the league, so don't fuck up" hug.
listening to U-smile on the radio ohh yaaaayyy!! love him<3
Thank you for following us. We are so lucky to have so many Wagner alums working with us!
ah, still cool enough for the brown liquors. Beer is all season. And tis the season.
you bet chief
Try our new BLUEGRASS POPSICLES bluegrass = (blue berries, hibiscus, orange peel, and berry leaves)
Wow! That's really awesome. There are definitely some tools I'd like to borrow.
haha. Not taller & heels. Taller IN heels (yes).
I have a tendency to pay more attention to the things that I need.
who's down for Saratoga springs back to back dates in June??
Will someone please turn on my snooze button? #UpAllNight so send sleep remedies for Sleepless in #Chicago! #Yawn!
Dolce & Gabbana Light Blue is Great!
It is strange that is going after Bo Ryan and #Badgers for restricting Jarrod Uthoff. This happens a lot in college basketball.
I like to keep plastic containers for take away lunches and for storing nick-nacks that litter my drawers.
he said each days a gift and not a given right...
A ritual at the house of , in which I live: The removal of the menorah and x-mas tree and the return of the life-sized donkeys.
I can be in boston in an hour and a half if you would like a massage, totally professionalish, Im just throwing out the offer
Yeah, it's def crazy. You take your chances out there.
Hey , I never got to thank you for the opportunity to be a part of H5O (ep.#213). I had an amazing time playing Jared Burke! Thanks!
lol. I've done the latter when I'm really, really, really tired...
of course ; honestly ; im REALLY happy for youu poo.cuz ii kno you not a bad person .&& you deserve som1
Up too early to find out I don't have to be at school till 9:30
Doing good. Just got back from a few days in Oscoda on the water. Always relaxing. How's life in the D? ;)
#thatblows. I'm surprised. #Pens games are broadcast on their site.
Aftert getting Downey'd in South Carolina on Tue, Kentucky looking focused and hungry against Vanderbilt, 1st half UK37-23
It's been working just fine here at the meetup...
I wonder whether that is flattering or insulting
Check out 106 and park on BET today, music friends Anthony David and Chris Rob will be rockin' out ONE!
It's been a good season, I'm not even mad they tried as hard in one of the most roller coaster ride seasons ever & all the injuries.
So glad I am at #thatcamp this morning. Already learning...
Awesome day! 1st day of my 7 Habits of Highly Effective People Course complimentary of my job. Phenomenal course!
Wow, what a great game. Japan needs some good press.
that's what I like to hear!!!! LeeeeeGooooo
.com? Lol yeah I hope I do :) I'm excited to start college lol
very cool! :) Have u been to the beach yet?
Certain Death 1.2 Online Tournament 5/13 sunday 5pm eastern Message: BEATDOWN Stream to be placed on the brackets!
I am a forum JUNKIE! I would love to particpate in a new Avon forum! Heck, I would help with domain costs!
my daily trip into downtown Ruidoso NM for some cyber-mechanics...the quiet is deafening......the deer are staring at me with big brown eyes
Watched the Hunger Games today. I enjoyed it, which I consider amazing since Twilight forced me to swear off movie adaptations of YA books.
Tha'ts still not working. Just takes me to the Post page to shorten URLs... what's the name of the doc? I'll google it.
can't believe your heading east. Will miss you but it's a great excuse to visit Georgia!
TRENT IS GOING TO GET A SWIFT KICK TO THE TIT
#sljsummit10 Andres Henriquez: e-readers primarily targeted to motivated readers; challenge for ALL students to engage and learn
I love how people will like spill out there hearts on the YouTube Comments Section
Giving the little Honda a bath. :)
hey, ! I just discovered I have a 3 hour layover in Atlanta tonight. Care to dine with me at the airport?
: fb is great for long(er) form and for, well, sound. makes total sense. thanks for the insight!
There's a sign on my dick & it says "help wanted". .
Woohoo what is this sexy new book that came in the mail? Could it be Writers in Retrospect?
Movies during class >
Flyers vs Pens = not hockey. Learn to play some defense. You both look like jokes.
All the gifts have been wrapped, Santa has come and gone, all the gifts have been open, family has been seen, now take care of yourself.
One person I know is there for me when I need them.. #aftereverything. Is a good friend! 
You are rockin' the specs, Misty!
Directioners now rule the fucking world.
I Believe That We Will Win!!!
Uh oh...old face coming back to the Pack? RT : Very interesting things going on now..., stay tuned!
Omg You Should Call Me
Cool kid + Funny Joke + Serious Parents = Lecture. All. Da. Time.
If you haven't... you should! Join the fastest growing regional technology council! The Chesapeake Regional Technology Council with 270…
What are the two types of parole? Which is more common?
“Men trust God by risking rejection. Women trust God by waiting.”
“: Caught up on your x still I can get you part it!!” past* ;)
just watched "A Single Man" and thought it was incredible!
coffee in house! lol
It's cool when verified accounts that I don't follow or tweet follow me
*weeps quietly*
where's the afterparty? You owe me a miller high life! haha
I knew when you held my hand, that it was now or never. Those were the best days of my life.
I'm not at home
Follow me please !I will follow back i PROMISE!(: <3
did you find it
Troy Murphy looks like he got hit in the face with a sledgehammer
You have an outfit?
When calls me and goes "I'm your biggest fan" >>
Looking forward to watching...preseason football? Sadly, yes I am...
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Viewed from the summit of reason all life looks like a malignant disease and the world like a madhouse.
Thanks to all who supported this year's Umpqua Bank Challenge - we can't wait to do it again next year!
Have you ever pushed away from the one you love, to see if they loved you enough to come running?
Where my brother at? He is probably nominated a 2012 yams award lol!
My pleasure! Appreciate your business :)
the things I would do to do something in order to do something else
We just finished the new epi, ncaa championship discussion and masters preview, as well as AMC's The Killing review. Download on iTunes now!
The other member said the member who was in jail was all about having sex w/ dudes while he was in jail lol.
Project Tomorrow is being honored by Microsoft at their South Coast Plaza store opening
Can finally wear contacts again! I will never again take healthy eyes for granted.
Like, 5 days maybe... RT : I ordered a Barves tank today. How many weeks for delivery?
Who agrees with me here that we are not dealing with "children" in Congress, but the death throws of WALLWASHINGWORLD?
Bullshit is no where on my schedule, in other words I never make time for it.
Badgers drop out of the Top 25 during the Bo Ryan era. That hasn't happened since.....ah....has it ever?!!
and that's why dogs are the best. They are full of love. (Mine sure is.)
Hope you have the bestest birthday ever girlie(: best wishes to come<3
P90X on deck...let's do this
And through these lines and quotes you gotta find some hope cause I ain't dying. My words gon' last forever.
I wonder what would be my reaction if I met Matt...lol
There are three kinds of people in the world. Those who are good at math and those who are not.
Just took a history test..
#OutroTweet night folks
#Rampage receives opening pull, doesn't turn it over, leads 1-0.
awesome book. thoroughly enjoyed it.
good job on your picks!!!!! Just need one good one this Sunday ......
I Love your new hair cut Miley, It's Very Cute
I always want to do my best to preserve our environment and now I can get it all shipped to my house for FREE
swerved over the line like a drunk driver
Ok I tweet from this account like once a day. Lmao
48 hours till 's party in the MIA!!
I will definitely check it out! thx.
I don't care who was BEFORE me, as long as I know there's no one DURING me we solid shit more than solid in my book lil shawty.
I just won a free movie night from !
Hey I'm sorry I will still go see it with you ok.
Hall: If we want a different kind of university than we have now, we have to accept that we (academics) will have to change too
Really wanting to watch Avatar: The Last Airbender. Thanks Drake, Emily, Josh, and Ryan.
yeah, I think there is a lot to be done in this space. How can I alert all my neighbors of a crime/missing pet?
Me ears are still throbbing
There are those who believe the ordinary rules of ethics do not apply to business. "Winning" business unethically is never good business.
giving angel readings and cleaning house......raising vibrations and then grounding myself!
If I could marry I willy wonka would.
Packing up to go home -- what a whirlwind of a week, #CloudFairSeattle was a success!
I know it's super early in the morning and maybe 3 people will see this, but THANK YOU to the 1,000 + people who are supporting us!
how do u get tumblr som1 tell me
I'm confused, that person said they switched to PC because of all these viruses he was getting on his Mac?
March Day! Burn, destroy, wreck and kill!
Reality is boring...come back soon ;) : Time to go back to reality. Thanks & for giving me a great break
alrighty Twitter New York... who's an amazing guitarist ready to learn some new chords to great music and hit the stage with me?!
Are you a performer?
what's the deal??
Always gets good value -- a fantasy-football Hall of Famer in my book. RT : Dan Arkush! Love it.
Happy Friday!
FIVE days until and I land on Haitian soil! Make sure you follow to stay updated.
entertain me?
I wanna move to Hoboken. They have cool accents.
Grinding for more...
aye bitch its saturday wake yo punk ass up
I'm not going to be able to lift my arms above my head tomorrow!
oh.. That's, cool (: haha
first tweet----yippee! Now back to thinkin' about food :)
hm i doubt you'll get a chance to read my tweet :/ but YOUR AWSOME!!.OH and CUTE(:
#oomf preaching right now *thumbs up*
And then heading to Sian's bday after
thank you for the RT! Love your dog photos :)
#1brandclass I want to draw a rabbit for you! Lol
Dude. Fuck this storm. #scared. I drove over two power lines.
RT : TONIGHT! at HOOLIGAN's...
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 53
yes we will do them for the four brands! you guys rock!
It's test month! Is anyone taking it? How are you feeling?
cmgeluk: #sla2010 the Collection Intelligence session on Mon was one of the best I attended...taking back a lot of good stuff
Watching the CrossFit Games on ESPN and feel both inspired and weak as shit.
Such a beautiful day out! Actually excited for summer :)
yeah I'm sorta back. Blocked some folks.
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.
I wanna travel to Paris
kid kid kid, go to church tomorrow
The Stickers new record has been completed. Watch for a late spring release date!
UF Provost's office offers seed funding/release time to create open textbooks!
old school,nice!!!
that's understandable...we've all been there. Just try to remember life is a gift and just live in the moment
i officially hate first shift and it hasnt even started yet. blehh.
Just reset password. CAPTCHA word was Fuhrer with the umlaut and all. Awkward!
Tell me you love me
If you love the olympics, follow this guy RT almost to 400 tweets and 400 followers! moving up in the world! :P
Don't cry because it's over...smile because it happened ♥
GRAVE MERCY by Robin LaFevers. I have a few historical/linguistic quibbles, but overall it's really quite good.
such a true story hope you are well my dearest! Xo
hahaha I would love to see that. The squirrel in my house is just my sister
How cool would it be if Rammy walked off Kerry Wood?
Wow, that was the most thorough pat down of my life. According to the TSA agent, it was all due to my glittery sweater.
you better not be tweeting from the floor... Kobe is balling tonight
Great idea! We'll get on it.
I been had dat. & no I'm not a boy, but why the "z" ?
She got that good good 😍😍
sorry it was just an RT.. That guy always jokes around.
yep. I'm defiantly cheering for my Caps :)
Sorry about the flood! Any consolation - I multi-task EXCLUSIVELY and fail spectacularly!(As my wife reminds me)
Good stick to what you know and #Text me Niggaaah!!
whose birthday starts on time? Just pull into a CVS and get a candy bar.
Nothing gets us more excited than a constitutional review. And Robert's Rules of Order.
I fucking HATE when people just sit there and stare at me -__-
I'm thin, bumping and grinding causes bruising.
Osteo-arthritis Treatment method: Ways to Treat Psoriatic Arthritis ...
Been procrastinating but them socks & new crew some heat. Gotta get me some illcouture...
Absolutely, how many Japanese writers were there though? I still can't believe they follow him. :)
Wow I loved the halftime show!!!:D
Hat: check, sun screen: check, cold beverage: check, sun: check. Life is good!
We'll check 'em out! Thanks.
kid from Omaha's Twitter tag is "Do you have access to psychedelic drugs? DM me.”
#FollowFriday #FF RT For every bumper sticker you have, I deduct 10 points from your IQ.
we not goin no more
want to see something funny? Go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze. First one. Thx
#LAKERSNATION we got this... time to steal a game!!!
OH at the #dianegoodman event: "Is the lovely Dr. Goodman in the house?"
M-Audio AV40 Monitors
latest Sun Magazine is terrific. Chock full of 175 years of stories! Special shout out to Stoop loyalist David Ettlin!
Yr Welcome! Visit the site soon www.kmcamera.com
yeah . were recording our EP for Maybach Music, but we got some fam over at Konvict.
Today was quite an unusual day. I carried the weight of unfinished business most of the day. Thank God for tomorrows
Happy Holidays from all of us ! Awesome win for the Bulls! Derrick Rose...#MVP :)
Yes sir RT : President Obama: "I will not walk away from the promise of clean energy."
Man On Fire is an amazing movie.
thanks man. The keg is tapped! Come on over.
on this day in food history: canned beer is sold to the public in Britain for the first time, by Felinfoel Brewery in Wales (1936) cheers!
It's about time to start crank calling all of my friends who 'All-Nightered' at #disney24 ..would hate then to miss this glorious morning.
they're talking about being stuck in hotel rooms to bring in the new year.
Whats Good Fam? I Got My Order In The Mail Today And Is All Mess Up......Didt Get What I Suppose To Get
Check out battling, one of my all-time favorites who routinely bodies opponents. Enjoy.
note-to-self: never buy loo a bear
Vicki Callahan () on microtopia: places of possibility for conversation without constraints, to imagine improved environments
": #AllRelationshipsNeed two committed people with the same hopes for the relationship."
wouldn't mind seeing some handsome man named Duda go yard today!
are you at the state championship game?
Just about to fall asleep then I realized there's a lot going on for the next few weeks
Well, yeah, obviously , preferably in a honeymoon suite somewhere, but what I really meant was Hemingway and HST.
Smaller crowd than I expected at #tedxhuntsville - maybe they are late?
America. RT : Sportsman Channel announces new show "Riggo on the Range," where John Riggins will hunt animals & then cook them.
" My moma told me that the fame would bring out all the hater " HATERZ OMG GIRLZ KILLED IN THAT SONG !
I want a Google+ invite!
So sleepy but im hanging in there. Hurry up 4:30
This applies to the last few months. So far he's failed. RT : Redknapp just needs to restore a little order & composure here.
On the + side,only managed 2 look through 1/5 of the boxes I had pulled. The others might hold smoking gun (or pan?)
We all wanted it, now we got it. #Dreamgame2012 Go Big Blue
Drove a vaudeville show home tonight in form of the great and ! You are both brilliant.
sometimes its worth waiting for, even if you think it will not be somehow it comes to you
Not nervous, but anxious...
The VMAs never cease to disappoint me. Where the fuck is the diversity?!?!
Just got my dog a cardiologist for his high blood pressure and slightly enlarged heart. He's overweight too... doggie personal trainer?
lost more twitter followers?
Happy Mother's day to my beautiful #MILF s.
yes...back to normal :-)
Mississippi = GOP governance result: High poverty rate, horrible health care, horrible public education, low wages...
i saw nerdist on attack of the show chris hardwick is halarious
I wil read my own scripts, look over notes but who will do all this laundry!
Whoops, meant "error" there. Not "run."
"...taken to a level of pure physical exhilaration...it's impossible not to melt into sweet agony..."
i don`t remember paying for things
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
What happens now? Do we animorph?
Whew, so good to know that other people get them too. No history of Parkinson's in the fam. I'll have to ask about tremors.
Good Night Bros!
i do follow
Yeah I am in class until 7.
Getting antsy...it's really tough to go running when you're in a walking boot
who knows? I know one that want make it to the game.
remember. I do & I
Oh yeah and they are deeply religious.
i could do thursday again
": Site is sick! Everyone go follow!" <- #NF ya should be too!! Sexy
That proves my point! My wife wouldn't talk to me like that!
the civil disobedience you call "complaint" is designed to raise awareness & push the people/policymakers to form a just society.
My mother on Jenna "she's like a Saturday night live character! With that bad hair and everything!"
I don't bother wearing long sleeves to bed anymore, because my hair keeps my arms warm.
And that was today's Irony Report, brought to you by the Taxpayer Watchdog Carl DeMaio. Because with watchdogs like Carl, who needs robbers?
Just finished putting the finishing touches on a Press Release about Lazer Frenzy winning the award for Best New Attraction at IAAPA!
Regarding Avoiding Litigation: a contract signed by two guys named "itzy" and "cinamon" might end up in court.
I think i wanna go see my girl today
I'm climbing out this abyss
Can't imagine what it would be like to be a fan on a consistently good team. Ugh
I'll bet that's what everyone thinks when they work out next to you.
yeah L.A. called again today. Really pressing for a commitment. Makes my Mom crazy! She wants it for us too. All good!
Memories to ashes.
Lucky lady! Going for work or play? I used to live in nearby Cedar Crest, just on the other side of the Sandias.
FLOOD WATCH: Possible thunderstorms for Kauai & Oahu
SASSY PANTS
Hooray the Kings of Leon are playing tonight! Are you going?
I don't even know if I have school 2mrw
only if you bought a legit copy
love this!
"There's a market there," sales manager Matt Powers said, "We like to let the customer decide if it's a good item or not."
You would never hear this quote from a player on another SEC team... RT : UK LB Dupree: "We are not going to be a scrub team"
Follow Miami's Finest Singing Sensation, Song Writer, Model, and Dancer.
I was taught "if you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all". Some people make that statement hard to live by...
RT : follow they doin it bigg[THANKS!!! S/0 to you as well! ☺]
Thank you for coming! See you next time. :)
why can't more rap/metal bands make songs about kittens, rainbows, puppies, and sparkles?
A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years.
Still in tallahassee.
Whoever's red car has been in our driveway all week needs to come get it
I love Cupcake Wars!!!!
wait, today is National Tater Tot Day and no one told me? I am disappointed in you, internet.
What to do what to do should i read a book watch tv or go outside where it is going to rain today idk idk i think i will watch tv and read
want to encourage everyone to attend a church of their choice tomorrow
Congrats to our elected Exec Board leaders for the 2012-2013 year! Prez:, VP:, and Treasurer: Oliver Field
=) i didnt want my mom 2 c me crying so i told her my eyes were watering. i dont want her 2 worry
precious i dnt know you any more
God Bless! RT Finally got out of the Biblical times...Johnny Moses is on Twitter!
It rained?
has a date with his Golden Girls box set this weekend, this will happen for real.
naw i pick it up ... if you do, just blame the poo on
hope to meet you in Florida sometime bc i live here maybe you could come to the brandon mall and see all your Florida fans:):)
TNT Set to Broadcast HBO's 24/7 Mayweather/Cotto Reality Series
i feel like dancing in the rain lol
When all the people's desires come true - no better than them.
Lmao I'm Sho finna Go Save A Draft Right Now Just to Remind Myself. -___-
I saw a bunch of commercials for that this weekend. I'll have to try it. I use Almay's Smart Shade now.
Great 5 mile hilly run with my running group! Now off to teach spin then to a movie matinee!!
this is funny
I'll send you the link!
you too? Hope ya feel better
The Big Secret: It's What Large Skincare Companies Don't Want You ...: To heal your dry skin you need to restore the your skin's barr...
Any recommendations for a laid back lounge in #Koreatown in #NYC? Something chill with great atmosphere
A moon man and a fat squirrel and I'm out of beer at my apt. Boring Friday night.
In choosing a president, we really don't choose a Republican or Democrat, a conservative or liberal. We choose a leader. - Rudy Giuliani
Three Krispy Kreme donuts before bed=better than taking your vitamins
This chick bad looking like a bag of money...
Anyone ski anywhere on the East Coast over the Holidays with good conditions?
Thanks to friends and family who tell you the truth, push you toward greatness and force you to honor your worth.
Thanks for the RT!
I'm all presentable & cute & out of the house before 12. This is weird.
Finally done, feeling a rant coming on.
when aren't u reported what is the name of the thing
#reading In Harm's Way by Ridley Pearson at lunch - can lunch break last for the rest of the day?
NEW STUFF UP AT HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWORLD.NET!!!! SUBMIT REQUESTS FOR VIDEO OF THE DAY OR PIC OF THE DAY BY E-MAILING
I'm actually , although it's nice to know I have a cousin in the Philippines! ()
awww now... keep ur chin up...
you could have pocket tweeted far worse things! :p
What do you get when you cross a stream and a brook? Wet feet. HA-HA Thanks
"No one company can do this by itself" -Walt Disney
Vincent IT developing eBook for iOS for an U.K based client and won project to develop appliaction for all mobile platfroms to stream elea…
My tweet is only motivational if your motives are to become an asshole
Are you taking MG queries? I'm pitching an Arthurian adventure with a nerdy, science-loving heroine from California.
"Sounds like a plan", is a phrase that I hear from my clients more than any other. I take that as a complement.
What Haiti does need: A Trump Tower..lol!!
Ultimate WarriOrange Juice
my friends can be soo funny!!=)
So I have a live lobster in fridge hopefully by the time I get home its cooked and on my table.
''own thats pony tail, work thats up do!'' lmao
love you too
Oh hey look! New profile pic for the playoffs!
Aw shucks, thanks Mike. :)
WTF! so what about claire ? I thought Jack's dad was Jacob! Or was this supposed to happen? Jack FTL! help me understand
I did get the cutest baby gift at Target tho, she won't be surprised its from me ☺👶🎁
I always get cheated, colluded against, experience horrible lag, or misread my cards, when I dream about poker.
i want to go to sleep but my shit load of homework won't let me.
I wake up to find that the Jags FINALLY did something right and drafted Blackmon. Omg, yes.
thanks bea! will definitely follow back <33
Nice shot!
he should just become an underwear model. or a nude model.. either way, i think all beliebers would be happy lol
Twitter Free Restaurant Zoe. See ya soon!
registered for NEOtech. Let me know if you need a session: Google Apps, Social Learning w/ Schoology, Pod.Vod-casting
i will get you to love new girl. should have won a golden globe
Spaz needs to go for it.
Yep, Gerry's at the store (Aldi's, of all places...) and is getting some!
Twitter is like alcohol. More than 2 a day makes you an twittaholic. I'm sorry friends, it's the cold hard truth
Thanks again for your time and feedback Josh!
Jimmy Johns always plays the best music lol
EKG: check, MRI: check, lab work && blood tests: check, now just gotta wait for my heart echo this afternoon.
Yo, tell my girl I'll be gone til November.
Nothing screams environmentalist than driving a Prius, treehugger bumper stickers.. then tossing your cigarette butt out the window.
Everyday is a day ON! Preperation and planning is key to making a diet successful:
After reading 's tweets this a.m. I feel I know 1% how the Jews felt during their persecution in Nazi Germany.
Zip out to Atlas Performing Arts Center for Pasties&Popcorn this weekend. First 5 Zipsters to stop by our office get 2 free tics.
I know. I know. I feel that much of our work as digital humanists must be to educate academics on their responsibilities...
God morning!! 💛
okay just makng sure
not yet we have a bunch to do today..
Status? Is he ok? RT : Yosvany was involved in the crash! ;(
Loaf Rein O'er Me
Unfortunetly even though you would love to ur club said i couldnt. So i am sorry but i do not want to get u in trouble.
drinking very strong coffee out of my mug. starting a PhD in Technology and Social Behavior there in the fall!
haha I saw him, I was like woow goes great with your skin color.
Looks mean too much to people nowadays .
RT : Park Bolton designed by nominated for #Industrial Dev. of the Year! #NAIOP Rex Awards,
Great to meet you too! Enjoy your day :D
Being called pretty >>> ((:
haha i try ;D this turkey was following me around everywhere, i had to take it home :p
Karaoke with and at The Smogcutter
Follow me back.
Clare was generous enough to let me use her apt while I'm in Dallas for the weekend.
#HoyaSaxa Pull it together guys!
Well, I think they are talking about .. what they are going to talk about when it does pass Congress
Almost got into a fight at work
Ok just making sure!
Merry Christmas from Those Guys.
In honor of MCA i will be cooking mash potatos, cooling them, and then promptly dipping my balls in them! # MCA # RIP
In the grand scheme of things this is much more important than #midterms. Show #kony2012 your support.
Clue # 2: You'll find him sitting at the bar w/ the tix enjoying a WBC beer... perhaps in a cowboy hat? Stay tuned to find out where!
Did anyone else just see camera bombing ?
Love it. That just reminds me of going down waterslides for the first time - best feeling ever!
#iloveitwhen you cash me out
I'm talking about as far as my profile
Contact me for information on home renovations under the new EPA lead hazard guidelines. www.epa.gov/lead 362-0529
NOW THAT WEE ARE IN THE SAME TIME ZONE would it be so much to ask you to click my follow button :( or atleast notice me
for wat band?
a broken record
friday, friday, gotta get down on friday!
It's such a shame that that person will think I'm agreeing with her when the opposite is true. Should I just delete my reply to her?
I wish he was. RT : "I've got butterflies man, like I'm about to go in." He's behind #uwhuskies bench
Have an opinion, don&#39;t stick to it too much and never agree with someone&#39;s opinion just because someone would like you to.
I'm sorry, but these refs are cray.
“My friend asked me if I wanted a frozen banana. I said 'No, but I want a regular banana later, so... yeah.'” Mitch Hedberg
you mean next weekend?! :)
Can't believe servers crashed again. Glad I'm sitting these things out from now on.
“: The only thing that will get me through writing an entire news cast is matchbox twenty's pandora station” attagirl
Madonna's new album is titled, 'MDNA' Will it be genetics themed, or an EDM album produced by Skrillex?
It's so hot today .
He don't want it.
Q4) communicating often and openly; not letting the SME be surprised.
lots of guys! Any creative ideas for a #Movember #meetup here in cleveland?
then, no te gusta. I'm not coming to school today. Couldn't get a ride :/
the one you said a minute ago g.u.c.
I want to do something exciting, something I don't normally do..
thanks! great for the team and for Seattle!
the boys I watch told me it was his Bday. So we recited our fav Dr. Seuss-isms the whole way home from school. He's the greatest!
The April issue is going to be out biggest ever.... Got some HUGE interviews lined up today and tomorrow...stay tuned!
It's finally the #weekend! Celebrate by having a Bartab drink at one of our partner venues around #Chicago!
Crying at the ending of your favorite show<<<<
Brian's image in for Illinois - should be live now
Same! We have IGSCEs too! It's horrible! Have you picked your options! ;)
Lopey? You're better than that.
alright. I'll bring one for you then....
Andy Oliver just got optioned to A. 5th starter? I like Smyly
I wish I could cheer you up. :/ I hate seeing close people sad :(
We lose but we still booze!
Liz keeps moaning...
I think men talk to women so they can sleep with them and women sleep with men so they can talk to them.
#HappyMothersDay to all the moms and moms to be!
Tired bit don't wanna take a nap cuz I won't sleep tonight...(-_-)
All I want for lunch is a blunt n yo gurl!
The felt tip pen was invented by the American C.I.A. in an attempt to make a poison pen.
"that's how we on it!"
Taking an hour long nap at 9PM is not a good idea.
Thanks! It's great to meet a students passionate about making a difference in K-12 education. Keep up the good work.
he is So old lol
filmed her new music video "Part of Me" at Camp Pendleton, San Diego. How freakin' awesome ! I love her. <3
still feels like crap, but gonna try to suck it up & go to school..
It must have been a Ceviche night, sold out in 2 hours!
Spending time w/ my sister ❤
My Mom Called Me n said the show she went to I gave her the tix for was great. *THE GOOD SON*
Ah jo don't do em like that
really good actually! with 2 of us we've increased to 10% of sales and are in the process of recruiting a few more people!
#IWouldDoAnythingFor french toast. That is all.
I have the biggest crush on Miguel Cotto's wife.
And we have another backchannel here on twitter for those taking or just listening in to the NPS #CW2CR training course this week!
My horoscope has me intrigued... #WhoIsShe???
Mom: "Did you hear the Easter Bunny during the night?" Me: "Yeah, he was muttering a lot of weird, vaguely racist things..."
Smart City will be listed under Facility/Other Contractors in the Forms and Brochures section.
#adele is the shit... Hitting them notes without a strain!
#WaysToImpressMe seeking help when you need it
happy all over, except for one small sad spot on her heart. Being surrounded by love is wonderful, but it does remind you of those so missed
Bumpin #Authentic Live in the X5 "Like Whoa"
Headed to #Interactive & interested in #gamification? Hit up w/ a DM; we have an invite 4 u!
on flt 2362 NO food to buy NO wine to buy TV broken. Crew says it's because they didn't anticipate a full flt. Seriously?
of our white castles we imported from Kentucky and drank all of our beverages!
Memphis takin the close game again
id like to think that lol
YES! , now you have to go. The band knows about you.
A great way to end the weekend? Seeing in concert 👍
#TwSIG Positive and negative uses of Twitter in teaching. There will be links to references on the website.
Checking in at the Jazz Loft at These cats are serious about jazz! Real experimental for the first set.
AGREED! RT : Paula having diabetes i hope speaks volumes to where we have our priorities of food in this country
aww :/ don't be lonely! You'll find somebody!! :)
One of these days, Alice. One of these days PATCHOULI! Right in the kisser!
Too hot out for your comfort? The Maneki Neko say, "Come in Mingei International and chill with us. We're really cool cats."
Guess its time for bed since she already sleep??
the pickle commercial makes me laugh out loud. every time.
Don't look now, but you-know-who is following you. Hope you and Andrew are well!
what specific tools do you use to show how many eyeballs saw a tweet? Tv has Nielsen.
Casablanca is ... well, a Moroccan version of say .. Detroit circa 1992. I like it; just be aware.
praise the Lort for that!
I wa one of ur true friends but u sure screwed that up because u have to talk about everyone u know with that big mouth and that's why u
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Reach Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
Wade is overrated. Lebron can't do everything for Heat.
New season of Avatar coming out. Might have to relive my childhood
hey follow me on tumblr ..link is in my description
you gotta love short holiday weeks!
you think you're so funny 😠 lol
Would you rather have that beer now or that financial freedom later? It's a daily choice, dude.
Hawaiian shirt wearing tourist, getting off bus, for all to hear. "I shouldn't have to listen to a BUS DRIVER. You should listen to me!"
“: Motorcycle day today! Where should I go!” 20 taps!
I won't quit until I know I truly tried.
I really like s version of this song. He seriously shocked me. At first I thought it wasn't him. But I realized hit was.
Negativity is born in the gap where love has been excluded.
awww yeah. Good luck!
Jacquard loom point-paper and punch card designs remind me of bit-rasters from digital signalling channel data.
that's really unfortunate to see. stay classy seattle.
Wilshire Country Club fireworks are the preppiest fireworks
Great game Guthrie, so glad to have you here.
There's a lot of words that start with Q,W,E, and R in my paper..... Maybe i play too much league
we are going to turn this area of South Carolina into a Corridor of Innovation. #newtechnetwork, #kw,
Proud of ya Black Man !!!! There is Nothing like a Loving Father in the Life of a Young Black Man ..
Dr. Ajay Verma #Visioneering: Alzheimer's is THE pandemic of our time. Affects 50% of those over 85, a growing population.
vinessanj: #sla2009 Put my awesome green water bottle in the dishwasher and it got warped. Be warned! Guess I'll have to pick up a new o ...
can't say until it's official. But I'll just say he's done a lot of work for coaches all around the state
Pets are like little kids... this dude does not want me to sleep... just wants to play
RT : hahaha So true....Obama just Glitter Bombed Mitt Romney today
That will make a lot of ladies happy. Isn't that right & ? Hahaha
Texas Pearland Classic will start on Friday! "Play Hard or Go Home"
RT : Kathy Nickolaus is the #5 trending topic in the entire god damn United States.
Sales tips for all- "Play dumb" ask questions you already know answers to...can then transition into any topic with ease and break the ice.
New Orleans midget prostitute? The Small Easy? Anyone?
Going to check out some at AKLOL. Wish this stuff was going on when I was at Temple.
I love this tweet! We need to plan a lunch date next week with Sarah!
For the best burgers in town, buy Grass-fed 85% Lean Ground Beef. You’ll save $2/lb when you buy 3 lbs or more! That’s just $4.99/lb Fri-Sun
I open treasure chests without making search checks for traps cuz im a
why are you leaving wednesday?!?!
love when you make me throw up in my mouth
oh yea that was funny haha
Wait, we don't love the word "snaking"? What else would we do in line, conga?
how fun is it to have kelly kelly AS AN FRIEND
i m new to twitter like u:) m luking 4 ways 2 implement it like u:)
Sausage, egg and cheese McGriddle to start off the early morning.
My #junewish is to finally have some friends on here! Ex-cuh-use me! Does no one want to #roleplay?
IM HAPPY <333
Naaaaa. I don't need anyone's permission to carry on Hollywood.
M love pedicures!
If u think i'm comin' back,don't hold your breath...
Or at least including it (:
6 more days till eminem's album comes out. Feels like i've been waiting forever
#TinaFey and #BradleyCooper ? Doesn't really work for us..
Good morning!!!
Welcome all Upcoming Rockstars
Would you call Wainright's curve a 80 or 70?
Want more water...to lazy to go downstairs
last night >>
At the airport bye bye MIA
bribe a politician? no1 cared..have cops transferred at my leisure? no 1 cared..open multiple bank accounts under fictious names? no problem
break me off a piece of that!!
I should go to sleep :/
Praise GOD
to be honest yes i want this paper to write itself
Still Bobby Roode.
Audition #4 with David Wallimon with and !
The text message and email alerts have worked very well for me. Keep it up!
Interested in attending the Institute for Integrative Nutrition? Ask me about a $500 scholarship available through Wednesday!
Bayonettes? The irony of weapons of war, used to protect the well being of a non-violent movement. Hmm.
#Google Calendar question: How do I import from a CSV file into a SPECIFIC calendar within Google Calendar?
ok. Thought as much but wanted to chk.
I was just creeping on Michaela when I came across this cali trip tweet... I will be tagging along on this trip!
Color outside dem lines
We'll be announcing it later today!
Spent some time in the garden some weeds that are on steroids.
Done. And instead of tweeting from shows, we'll write our thoughts on 4x6 cardstock and hand them out.
If I follow u follow back I always follow and support
Pretty much sums it up! RT : Avoid the Ross Island heading west at all costs. Bonkers traffic.
#Mifflin2012 street still open but MPD had to work at it
How about and ?
Let us plan your event! we have it all, we make it happen..... you just Live to party! (224) 400-2388
THEY'RE SO FRICKING ADORABLE OMG
Seriously?! What can a girl do to get you to notice her?! I am dying. Huh?!
lol they look like some milk duds lmao
I'll let you know
Me to - it really makes you think. Glad you like it!
he said he wants me "on his hip" when he's shopping for furniture for his place :) is it march yet?!?!?!
One big room...
i am thinking gray pin stripes lol lol
X factor's LA needs to shut it and appreciate Melanie's talent, which is huge,I live for every performance of her...
BEARS GOT BRANDON MARSHALL!!! IT'S OVER #SuperBowlShuffle #CuttyGoesDeep Amazing start just 10 minutes in Free Agency!
John #Davidoff says: "For #MissionDrivenMarketing, orient towards principle-based operations, e.g., integrity, excellence."
Listening to a man dig his hole deeper and deeper as he asks women next to me at coffee shop if one is the other's mother. She's not.
enjoyed your article about Jobs' license plate mystery!
DONE! And with education discount...what, $50 each? LOL!!
keep those boobs in your shirt if we play the Lakers in the Finals again. Kobe likes him some white meat. You are to skinny though
Shout out to the newest tweeps to follow us and join the FreeHand Corps: , & !
AWESOME SHOWS IN MAY! HERE'S WHOSE COMING DOWNTOWN! Bret Ernst, Tim Harmston, James Ervin Berry, Mike Speenberg, & Rob Little! Don't miss it
If they were smart, they downloaded to their desktop then loaded it on the Kindle. That way, they can keep it.
Goin to see slumdog and draggin my boy michael with me..... It best be as good as everyone says it is!!
your welcome (:
Loving you is a treat sweet girl
I just want a tamale tbh
aww miss you to boo!!
Same here, and I wouldn't really call what I did, spring cleaning.
What does it take to succeed as an #entarch? Strategic relevance and creative brilliance!
Okay for real now. Goodnight lovers <3
Caught Comic Book Men on demand last night. All I can say is, I'm proud as FUCK of you guys Amazing show.
Halloween with my mom is going to be a blast! I can't wait for all the trick-or-treaters!
This past Friday the high was 11 and the low was -1. I feel your pain.
First week working at Oppenheimer & I'm loving it.
Wow! So proud of you guys for getting to perform at Madison Square Garden! So amazingly cool! Knock 'em dead :)
Today I am reminded that by the time a man realizes that maybe his father was right, he usually has a son who thinks he's wrong.
oh yeah. i heard a couple at broom street, i think. they're so talented.
Woorking w/ feelings get you
“It’s a shock, a real negative surprise,” said Panagiotis Spiliopoulos, head of research at the private bank Vontobel in Zurich.
Just wrapped a shoot at BlueRock. We work late into the night!
Was having a bad day until the M's game came on. Now much worse. RT : So...how is everyone?
Dead af class
come to Chicago!
Oho! Even better... (Imagine me wringing my hands like Mr. Burns.)
lol do wine let's you think straight?
Back in the equipment room, thinking about how my volunteer movie making has made me a poor tech force employee. Good thing that's over.
Last night i wasn't allowed to have tres leche cake or ice cream cake cause i was drunk and im lactose intolerant -__-
I had a #dream. I had an awesome #dream. Can you name the title and artist?
The Reno fire station in Stead is open today for a six-day trial period. City will open it July.
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-79
My thought exactly. Like Spygate... a lot of teams do it, but the truly arrogant get ballsy and get caught.
just wanted to give you a heads up that salesmen are completely unhelpful
What is up with the 6 helicopters over the silverlake reservoir pointing their lights to the sky????
OMG thats so cute, was it the Blackberry bomb?
"If all my friends were to jump off a bridge, I wouldn’t jump with them, but I’d be at the bottom to catch them."
Go and Get It.. By All means.... Since my early teen years... Shit not New to Me...
Atlanta here I come...
Oh snap its fat Tuesday!
come by luxe tonight for the dj mixx off
What's up followers & twitter? What's up on yo timeline hmu.
haha of course it's gonna be fun! Then you'll be back for our date in Cali right?!?! haha! OMG I LOVE FLYING IN AIRPLANES!
.,__. Oh shit am I in twitter jail?
You a show stopper?
Deaf, dumb and blind. Would you like to be like THAT?? Try life without God.
hahhahahhahahhahha this nigga always thinks dirty
that got to out of hand I'm sorry
Ahh i love 3 day weekends:)...
Ready for a Republican majority in the Virginia Senate ? We will do it this
or rather :--> not to many fours ---- out there
A6 pt 1: logo leaked prior to announcement, but having do the story is not a bad idea, but 6:50am is early!
RT : I am inspired by #doveinspired (these tweets are to break a world record! Please RT or tweet #doveinspired )
#FF and I thought I was the only one!
Thanks for the RTs!
Why is it that the craziest, slowest-talking motherfucker that has something to say about everything in class?!
Any South Asian followers (India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal, Bhutan, Maldives, or Sri Lanka) PLEASE @ or DM Important. Pls RT
LOL THANKS! You will meet him when we shoot.
Found $5 on the way into the office - what a nice way to start the day!
So warm here today that bus has sunroof open.
It was nice to meet you - again, thanks for your feedback.
Everyone in the path of Hurricane Irene - be safe...
it's so Delicious you don't even know
#20FactsAboutMe I finally made a rap song, even though I can't rap
we like to party.
Show tonight at 830 with at 400 Bar in S. Minneapolis!! Be there! 5$ tkts through me or 8$ at the door! Hit me up!
I THOUGHT THE ACOUSTIC/ SIGNING WAS AT 4:00. ??????
Tweets go off of other tweets I guess. I mean, maybe its like a domino effect.
thanks kris ... was in the office quite awhile handling the media storm but i did manage to make it out for a celebratory beverage!
don't we already know what works?
Urban economy at work: a guy looking for scrap metal showed up and is hauling away our old dryer.
Tune in to Fox19 on Thursday morning 8:15am as our Chef Owen Maass and Marble Hill Provisions will be demonstrating a few holiday recipes.
can't wait to watch your fight vs. Jose ! Wish it was in Vegas . Glad its your time you deserve the title shot!!
Where are you, Ruth???
I think it sounds great.. gonna need a new arena first...
Stay away from the bad things there are so many great things out there to get into”
This just in - Gainesville Tonight. hope to see you there, tell a friend to tell a friend
I'm cheating on Diet Coke because I have just discovered a little bit of heaven known as Diet Dr. Pepper. I can't get enough!
Good Morning ❤
ITS GOING DOWN THIS SUNDAY!!! 4TH ANNUAL MISS BLACK AND GOLD PAGEANT!! COME WITNESS AN ELEGANT EVENT!
Doubt reaction is due to love of Kim Kardashian. Most NBA fans don't watch. Due to participation in sham PR stunt wedding
Hooray!!! #sisterwives So excited!!
Thank you, Tash!
Now you know I'm gonna always say I'm working hard lol.
Super moon! Also Barrio (where 806 used to be) is supposed to open on sat.... It looks like it'll be good
Excited for #ASTD2012 next week - having a tough time deciding on the workshops...there are so many great options to choose from!
Thanks for all the love, get it... Love? :)
I was just interrogated over the phone by and it was a completely positive experience.
would love to see transparency around where the funding is allocated in MKE
Whether you know it or not, people are searching for you! If they don't find you, they WILL find your competition! Embrace
Man, they're on a roll this morning! The Axe body spray jokes are making me LOL at work! :)
did you just call me Hannah Montana? 0.o oh no yous didnt
Loui Eriksson tallied 2 goals -including the game-winner late in regulation -along with 2 assists as Team Lidstrom clipped Team Staal (NHL)
Anyone know where to find Magic Hat beer in Memphis?
Your ribs were AMAZING today!
Really wish I was going to Puerto Rico this Thursday with the Crew
One, Two, FREE shirt! Order now with code: TROIS at checkout! Cafepress.com/cajoneswear
lol alright that's coo too
Resurrecting the Rat Family? Really, ???
Mizzou is officially in SEC mode.
Peet's French roast, hands down
Sounds good. Yrs ago in SD I used to go to a v. good burrito place near the Red Fox Piano Bar, as I recall...
May be a trademark violation RT : hope you're getting a cut of that.
eat like a bird but you #%# like a cow...
Thank you! Nice to see the state I love.
and pretty good stuff! Supposed to be good for you too! Want to get Mikey to try it?!?! : D
I lol'd.
off to lux to say goodbye and good luck to on her next phase of life in PA!
If they're not going to call Rielle Hunter to testify, I don't expect the #Edwards trial to get picked up for a second season.
Anyways....... I need to go to the mall later
Follow Back ?:)
Growing food locally ends the excessive transport of food & makes the food chain sustainable: Opening May 19th
Those girls on "My Super Sweet 16" that get pissed when daddy buys them the wrong car. B*tch, I don't even have a bike.
yeb, project=Deals + priority headings=prospecting, inbound, focus, won, lost + Task= $[deal size] - [deal name]. Clear? cc
It's been like that for years RT : Man, when Melo goes to the bench the green light goes off in J.R. Smith's head.
So shocked! RIP Whitney Houston.
i hate havin to put things back when im at the register when i go shoppin it makes me feel so poor and homeless lol smh
Exciting--I hope you have #2 & #3 lined up and ready to go!! (How did you resist for so long???)
Shits about to get crazy
yes chica! Every Thursday 8pm Central. Join! Best Twitter chats are #latism chats ... More like fiestas with knowledge.
AH!!!! less than two weeks
you totally should have won last night!!! Great job this season girl!
Why rush? Schools still gonna be there whenever I get there.
Figure app from propellerhead is lots of fun and awesomely designed! No save feature though??
#erl12 GOkbtries to intertwine systems & data, uses all standards & identifiers models data & relationships, & manage changes over time
Silly deer, you are not a car
Cuz its hard doesn't mean you give up...
Thanks for the opportunity! We're really excited about your new design & we're eager 2 see the finished product!
Hudson Resources Reports Updated Mineral Resource: Significant Grade Increases and Indicated Resources Confirmed
this pic so cute! both of you are so gorgeous! =)
Lol these girls at da park was fighten then they parents came and started fighten da kids
Those beignets ARE good, aren't they? :)
I would buy a Pentatonix album tonight.
there's nobody hotter than Trey Songz
Monday, it's happening. And it's about to get owned.
Enjoying hanging out with the Walker family in Lufkin, Texas. And eating dessert.
let's go back to the time when boys had cooties and the only time you got hurt was when you bruised your knee..
Word for the day, symbiosis: A relationship of mutual benefit or dependence. Remember, you cannot always do it alone.
Keep your head up! You still have an amazing career ahead of you!
If you are at IMTA say hi to 's own ! He's in Los Angeles all week!
i was really looking forward to cougar! But Mountain lion!? Way too long and not sexy at all.
I thought that song called John said "Barry me like John lenin" hah but it's "remember me like John lenin" my bad lol
#whatilovethemost is when he hugs me and doesn't let go for awhile :)
One would think Comcast could provide a CSN+ affiliate for its own Champaign customers
Thanks for the add.
I got the munchies
Fantasy Baseball Deep League Waiver Wire Pickups, Week 4 Batters
Another dumbass move by Smokes. Leaving Villareal out for another inning. Will be at least 6-3 going to bottom of inning.
Wtf did I just wake up to an earthquake?
Mobile integration is becoming a necessary component for any successful communications and outreach strategy.
Good to know where they go RT : #FF editor and chief of and where all complaints about me are forwarded.
do you want one of those austin?
..and then their are others who hinder the overweight woman when she makes the decision to get fit
just watching the best catcher in the league right now. but someone should tell him to throw the ball to the pitcher not in the dirt.
man I was looking for boostie all yesterday. I got the tempations playin can't you see sweet thang. good vibes forsure outvynl
I have no recollection of Oliver but this twit convo makes me so happy
there is no finish line for achievement. We fail when we are blinded by our success.
RT : Just got off skype w/ - Get ready for fab #GetRealChat in 15 minutes peeps with #Triberr as special guest!
what game???
I was loving the Petite Sirah (Late Harvest) but left with the Semillon! Loved the #wine and #cheese pairing!
I'd go with c) and maybe also add d) pity those for whom attendance is mandatory
Marathon training update : ran 7 miles on tuesday (5x 1k), & another 7 yesterday. Feeling great so far.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOUU
Thanks boo!! Hows that BPL going for you? :)
. we've come a long way in 40 years.
Just had a great #photo shoot can't wait to see the final pictures
Real friends do not compete with each other and not envious, but help and genuinely happy for each other ...
me and my girlfriends been talking abt it. We all agree we'd run out the door for some gourmet coffee delivery!
We have power! This will be our last night living in the Williamsburg Lodge. Beautiful hotel, but home is better.
My son just texted me to tell me I will be in his heart forever & God is good all the time. A priceless gift indeed.
MB should really watch what they say sometimes because some of these girls go crazy and take it too far .__.
Broncos Win. Raiders lose. And the pathetic CSU Rams just fired their head coach. Good day in sports.
Gr8 morning of learning and sharing with Loveland MS educators today!
because ur a liar who wont ever stop ur shit
silent killer.
Amen! RT : I'm am such a night person.
Beautiful finish today!! Good luck in the Final!
yes! if any of my dances go lol
give your back time to rest. A massage like that takes time to recover.
Works for me!
From frozen CD players to bleeding dancers... Tonight was an adventure in stage management.
My $.02 is that the #SOPA web efforts was equal to 25 yrs ago if all 3 netwrks news anchors told their audiences to call Congress
great pic, love it!
great minds think alike :-) Merry Christmas!
Lmao RT : girl I'm over here already knowing...I'm in denial :(
That's what no sleep will do for you :( RT u stay sick...
good to meet you at and great to hear has a "local forager"!
We love it when fellows hang out! RT: Great seeing fellows katie & karl! Can't wait for nxt month's
I know! Especially after such a great #worldseries! Ah well, it'll be here before we know it, so let's relax for now : )
Yes, but the prize is better.
Awesome!!! WISCONSIN WINS!!! Party in MAD TOWN Tonight!
Courtney lardo thinks she has a moose knuckle
Itll be awesome! no worries!!
High fives for the follows and - Fraley, I have vintage office stuff for yinz. Get at me.
true story: bankrupted by antiques at
THANK YOU! :)
I don't want to go another day, that's exactly why I'm tellin you what's on my mind.
..Axtell I'm gonna get my Steely Dan ghost notes going...I've been practicing just for you my little prince.
Not at all. I believe MS are in breach of a court judgment. Apple are just closed by design and practice.
RT : Hues of beige sprinkled over muted yellows, oranges, burgundy and navy. 70s silhouettes and killer fur details on the...
Thanks for the RT! How's your day going?
: should head back to to reclaim his ankle lock from Actions speak louder than tweets.
Good sunday morning to everyone. Happy easter to all. Don't eat too much candy! (If there is such a thing as too much candy!)
Raining hard in Central Austin.
In the #DarkKnight, why does Bruce Wayne disguise his voice when he's talking to Lucius Fox??? He knows Bruce Wayne is Batman....
The place closes at 5 my mom is taking her time...
You know its really funny how you say you hate this person and then you go the next day and you act all buddy buddy wit them #seriously?
aww I'm sorry to hear abt the loss that's always hard but I'm glad I inspired you to overcome it:-)
God's Map + My Faith = An Amazing Journey
wow. Heckuva thesis.
Wow what away to end the game
Sunday a shoot.
Just checked, Russia is not on Instagram. In Russia, Instagram filters you.
Guess what I saw today? Everything I looked at.
You should start transitioning to whisky lemonades now. Summertimez!!
nice try, jets.
If you've always wanted to try Pilates---today is the day--I will guide you through every move!
Last Night Was Really Good.. && I LOVE
I bet! :] I can't wait to come!
At Masterpiece reversing for Annie :D then off to Voice Lessons
: thanks for the follow! Pink hugs, Lisa.
im pretty sure your email doesnt like me, so im trying add the picture to twitter but it hates me too! .__.
Heard your nephew&would be there,not tomorrow but next monday, hopefully around 8am, but maybe 9am.
Why do I keep coming back
I never wanted you to do anything for free! :) do you have anything in mind at all?
Good good good. It's gonna be a blast, as always.
People say I play too much...Ian trying to grow up to fast...
TGIF---What do you have planned for this weekend? Perhaps a visit to the mall?
I would..but I'm afraid I'm the only one who appreciates Hov. ;)
Chris Peterson to Penn State?
You're well on your way to #4sq mayorship this month. :)
#10ThingsIFindAttractive boys with tattoos.
I wanna slap the crap outta Gingrich
Not yet, 1 or 2 of the Bee Gees are still alive. RT : RIP Donna Summer. Disco apparently, is dead.
I have thoroughly enjoyed teaching #CRJ104 and sad to say this was my last semester at UNLV!
Is honesty in marriage or relationships really the best policy? It’s a question that many of us may struggle with from time to time.
tell me now
sadly, I wont be :/ but you can bet I'll be buying a copy when it comes out on dvd!
Mom has Job interview :) The Chef is working her way up !!! ^.^
The two loves in my life are Veuve Clicquot & someone special to share it with!
RT : A6: Students in K-12 could gain expertise in the cloud services that they will use in college <agreed!
wake me up you hot twitter guys! i love my job, it makes me feel good to know that I am making somebody else horny lol!
can lucas have some
Heading to Seattle tomorrow to attend #NFFTY2012! Excited to see everyone!
hard decision ..
Were in sonar nasty contracts. If we can dip out in Gooden and get some picks in return. Sign Ersan and BJ to extensions.
Correction shoulders and
UTSA fouls on the in bounds, McNeese at the ft line...
I must have missed it...hey, you called me a "people!" Is that like a person? Makes my day!!!
This Boy is My Life, iCan't Stop Thinkinq about him.. iThought it wouldn't be this hard buhh iRealize iCan't Be Without Him..</3 /':
Got my vote, I'm feelin your campaign
Flame Boy!
We want innovation without experiencing failure. We want to embrace the new without risk. We want to adapt but fear the death of familiarity
It's whatever.
does your Lab guarantee their work and stand by that guarantee?
I called the homeless man! I guess I love this show. Damn.
And if you're a musician or jazz fan, and know of someone who is making a tour stop in KY, pass on the word and retweet like mad. Cheers.
start with some peppermint or ginger tea. Then eat things that seem like someone already digested them! Soup, oatmeal, etc.
The new Santigold album. Enough said.
"People can live one hundred years without really living a minute"
individuals have been contacted.
call me later.
Eatin at dennys at 2am your only young once
Thanks for the RT, Peter!
im so jealous of my cousin .. she goes to school wit jason and just called me cuz she was dancing with him.. ohh hell no lol
first 1000 or 1500 get jerseys tonight?? Judging how early to get to The Wolff tonight
#NowPlaying Fabolous When the money goes
Howard's Business Hit: Susan Kaui Koehler (HawaiiNewsNow) - Howard has a Waikiki tourism update! He talks to Susan Kaui Koehler, the Sale
not just "duty-driven; LOTS of self-defense motive there too!
One of the most stressful times of your life is when you are going through a divorce. Exercise is key to help minimize the stress.
It's all creatures & #fascism w/Guillermo #DelToro: His #Pinocchio will contrast the talking puppet with the "puppets" of inter-war Italy.
Ew I hate materialistic people! It makes you look so ugly only a janky person would be impressed.
Today we'll be vending the Dragoons Car Club Nite of the Hot Rods at Riverview Lodge, Antioch, CA 4-11pm. See you there!
it's incredibly distressing to see construction/process swept aside given the role it's played in emancipatory...
: Loving every second of the San Diego sun! Now off to Cricket Ampitheatre for tonight's gig
No, im not as push over, im a bigger person
can you do something about your targeting? It's a bit off. ;)
Just picked up some free moving boxes from a curb that we found listed on Craigslist...
Smilers always help to others Smilers :D
We've came to far to throw it all away
Creative Pros: our daily routines keep us from big ideas at times. Use other people's stories/art/songs to gain new perspective easily.
Spacey killing Clinton... "I love theater."
I'm up like I ain't got anything to do tomorrow n2s: take yo' ass tho sleep. GN
Wow great to be out on friday nite...NOT
Opening Day - Pop Warner Football! Could it be any HOTTER? Go PQ!
Thibodeau obviously shaken at the news conference.
Now there is some serious #SXSW planning going on. If only there were speech bubbles to go w/ this pic...
Fuck I'm solo again
And me! Well, I'm just drinkingRT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join , & at BOMBAY RANCH.
Manning for Denver, I can't each lunch
Enjoying an early AM breakfast in Palmetto Bay at House of Bagels / French Bakery off 144. A little from both
FACE RAPE
love you hehe
Smh..H.O.E
good for you for being who you are. Lady GaGa would be proud. :-)
*slipping a finger under your chin* Good Morning, Ms. Purchase.
It is a sad day for those people.
who might you be? You love to comment on all my tweets
Hey! It only takes a second! Follow us on twitter!
Great cover! And you're with a very good publisher. Thanks for the follow.
Would you rather go to Orlando or hang out with Europeans?
OK THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT IT
shots out 2 u. U da best!!!!
I'm so done.
Haha Houston traffic is just as bad as Dallas traffic....except the cars are crappier.
and you didn't even go to Golds, you just breathe the same air as furniture customers
We can do drop shipping for you...and thanks for helping us with SustainAbility - we're super thrilled about being included!
Sie wissen nicht, was? I was questioning the effectiveness of a clever tagline in English on a Portuguese website.
Steffi is voting in the Wisconsin recall election today! Be sure to also wish her a
We appreciate it, too (cc )
Where was Kyle when he hit that shot? Outside the building with the Jordan statue?
DEAD POPULAR CHARACTERS AND BARE WOMEN'S FEET EVERYWHERE! *flail*
pitching won't get any easier when they come north to San Fran! They'll be lucky if they miss Zito.. Haha
Edgefield is a great place to hold your company picnic! Dates are still avail in the Amphitheater & be sure to add some golf! 503.492.2777
No. Lets not. Good luck wherever you choose, Chris // RT : let's give the Kentucky treatment
Not sure what's up at #dca this morning...longest security lines I've seen and it's not even 6am yet!
I think I have ADHD. I can't concentrate in school or where there is a lot of noise
I used to have so many guy friends last year. Where did they all go? I miss them. :/
That is insane!
We're in love with the thought of being in love.
I'm so hilarious lolz
Colts' tie record with New England Patriots for winning 21 consecutive games, How about THAT!
Having one of those days where everyone I see I think I know. Ew.
So i woke, stretched, went back to sleep, woke up again, and i still feel tired.
I can only throw building blocks at my subconscious by living an interesting life; I cannot write the story of my dreams.
Ocean Acidification... in a nutshell
RT : Monday Office Talk: recap of the absolutely amazing #cincodemayo Mexican feast by and the kick ass team of...
DO IT.
Sitting backwards on a train is always pretty weird
everybody's all of a sudden tweeting ? i guess he must be online then.
WOW KID YOU AREN'T FUNNY
They say love is in the air, so ihold my breath till my face turn purple , 
Those feet need to b sucked by me >:)
This DataFrolic looks like some great stuff and I hadn't noticed it before. Thanks for the share!
Greenpeace provokes Apple on renewable energy stance - ZDNet (blog)
“All knowledge is connected to all other knowledge. The fun is in making the connections.” —Arthur Aufderheide
on my new laptop!!! yea bitches ;*
Weirdly enough, I saw Inglorious Basterds twice at the weekend !! District 9 this week perhaps....
Check out this hilarious clip with Demetri Martin - bit.ly/xg6PXB. Come join us for some laughs on 2/13, grab your tickets at bit.ly/ywfWBq
Ready for the CIC Digital Humanities gathering today in Lincoln.
we'll do our best.
Hey, is there a George at the zoo?
huge fan, look fwd to follow twts, im also in recovery, root for ya everyday in 2 ways: life, then bball! God Bless brther
Not me! RT : So it seems like everyone hates the wave. Who are the people who like it?
have you tried it speed racer?!
Good night to you as well, and may your dreams that you hold dear be the ones that come true, just for you. Best wishes.
how you been though?
NBA Playoffs 2012: Will Bulls' Season Be a Failure If They Don't Win It All? - Bleacher Report
I think we may be getting one of those in Cleveland. I drool over TechShop. Our hackerspace would love that.
I'm on the computer and I know what would be in that little box if it showed emoticon.
very cool - thanks for sharing!
RIP Junior Seau
Looking forward to the weekend
yes, although that scene (and whole series) reflects more poorly on directors as a group than LDs.
archive:// information/ recorded in any form/ that is made or received by someone or something/ and subsequently preserved/
So impressed with the water-powered alarm clocks on fab.com this morning!
you'll be fine... yep FB never lies lol
Lookin' god. Me, I mean. Not Holland. Maybe try throwing a strike bro.
"No action equals no result"
Who needs friends when you have cheerleading.
bongrips & bomb food
First the fat boys break up and everyday I wake up somebody's on timeline with quotes
For fantasy footballs sake I hope L T has a career high game! I need the points!
World Cup Rugby starts today. Hoping for an Irish miracle. Money is on the Aussies but never right off SA or NZ
try again, she worked during the civil war, she would be more than 100.
In Minneapolois about to take off for Seattle. Stoked!
I guess it's Turn Back the Clock Night on MLB.tv My stream quality reminds me of 1997.
thanks for peeking in on my blog! hope you'll come back soon and write or read along.
What was the best part about your weekend?
Great got out of school to hear my mom bitch at me.
You know, if the Royals won, my day would get even better.
Startup ecosystem in Silicon Valley is still 3X bigger than New York; 4.5X bigger than London & 38X bigger than Boulder (via )
These Hoez out here really settling 4 less doe! 😝😭😂
New resolution for 2012: trust no one.
Still sleepy now. Why I cant go to bed before 0 o'clock? Smh to me
Sorry for party rocking.
beautiful venue!
your drummer is fucking amazing !
thank you lol
I miss u so much can we at less be friends text me 5038476149
Hi Ann - Glosses are sticky. Have you tried a little petroleum jelly? That's shiny and not sticky.
Hello gorgeous, haven't seen you in a while. your ass is still onion-sexy i presume.
I am overly obsessed with Hellen. She is the cutest woman alive!
it's about velocity, not speed.
Just found out that is on Twitter.
who lied and told you that?
Wing night! Come to Mario's from25 cent wings and watch the NCAA men's bball championship. Kentucky v Kansas at 920. $2 yueng drafts 10-12
Almost all of the essentials ... I forgot tequila! That means another return visit to my favorite store :)
uh oh I seen that before 😳😳😳 like a whole different person
Grinding bro knocking out ya gift! The Next Up Mixtape!
Oh snap... Were bad assh (:
okay! Done :)
Don't feel left out. Dude, this fucking sucks.
Anybody notice that the mask behind the grandson in Prince Bride looks a lot like Darth Maul?
I use a nikon d300 at the moment. Cameras don't matter though. Just be creative and capture what you see. :)
Folo'g death of Cap. Bruce Clark - killed in Afghanistan. Lived in Spencerport. Airport says its wking w/family and DOD for his homecoming.
oh yeah can't wait!!
New portal. Enter Mingei Int'l through The Collectors' Gallery this week. Preview what's available on your way into the exhibitions.
Japan's scandal-hit Olympus to launch new medical devices
Last night in the 513, shits about to get crazy! Well about as crazy as Steak n Shake can get.
my heart is burning & my head is aching. 😰
How could you not? So obvious RT I really do think college presidents are realizing the scam the bowls are perpetrating on them.
Remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think.
Listen to 97.9 the beat friday nite at 9:00 i will be live battle rappin call and vote this friday
Emily is here the rest of the night. We'd love to see you!
better text message
Mubarak speech appears to have ignited renewed protests...Gasoline may have been thrown on a fire
u go hard with the beatz my dude
good morning to you": Gmorning :)), hope everybody have a great day :))"
Since 1982 LSU has beaten Bama 15 to 14 w/ one tie. Been a long time for this alledged "order" to be out of whack Barret Jones. Geaux Tigers
Looking forward to reading your tweets :-)
Cheers to an awesome weekend! RT:
Today, if you hear His voice, do not harden your heart...
Barry, even in this heat I'd love for you to come out with me on the campaign trail this summer. We can really fire them up!
how's that for service? sweet! thanks kevin
Some interesting companies pitching at Texas Venture Labs. Agile Law, physician angel, etc...
DJ Hackett reunites with Jim Zorn and joins Washington Redskins for training camp
when do new tunes get released?
Happy Mother's Day to two of the most bad-ass mommas out there! :-)
Now Teddy Long please rehire ! Thankyou
If they can't acknowledge you in public then they don't deserve you in private.
- Thanks for the RT, I thought it was an interesting approach to weight loss.
Things are good. Just been working a lot lately, but can't really complain about that :p lol....now u can get a hold of me easily
how was the Baher Butti #iraqi #refugee event?
Miss Twitter today. Traveling to a school visit now in Lake Charles, LA
S/o my nig down in #ATL holding it down for #Memphis #Work that's what we do
Stunned Mills even came out for Round 2 against Rory McDonald. Round 1 was an ass kicking
Bout to change my avi❕❕❕❕
Retweet for s/o -- idgaf anymore :) ()
#collegeology amazing work.
birthday on tuesday tho ... fck w. me
I hate it when people read over my shoulder...annoying!
Yay!!! Auditions and Callbacks! I love it!!
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. William James
It's chillin' time :)
thanks Ryan!
See you in nine days #America! Off to #Brazil for #springbreak :)
Our Dia de los Ninos event is in full swing! If you're not here, well... where are you? You're missing out!
I just wanted to wish my amazing cousin the happiest birthday<3 Sweet 16!!! Love you xoxo.
Happy (almost) Thanksgiving, everyone! Our offices will be closed on Thursday & Friday this week, and we'll re-open on Monday of next week.
The canaries are going off this morning! <3 <3 <3
SASI is hosting a beginning-of-semester happy hour tomorrow, 5pm at the Dog and Duck
40's and Street Fighter...takes me back to my childhood
I refuse to be the wifey?
tryna get faded this weekend!
Trying to finish up my edits so I can go to bed. Long, crazy week with a ton of house projects tomorrow with the inlaws!
Don't rely on others when it comes to losing weight, realize they are here to help not do it for you.
more relaxing for you
Wow.... good bye 1,000 followers. I guess I'm not worthy :(
lusty! That might be my new favorite burger description! I'm totally going to squeeze that into my next burger review
Oh man I've missed #HIMYM. Lily does a shot of tequila over new baby Marvin...
At Mari Vanni. Feels like being in the one non-violent scene in "Eastern Promises."
Thinking a good solid technical class will be perfect for my classes tonight. I know they want to work on the dance, but it is what it is!
Good Evening Jazz Fans! I hope everyone had a fab Wed. Join Sheila Anderson & myself @ 8pm ET on Evening Jazz. Ciya there!
Im Sorry I Just Wanna Remember The Name I Remember Your Face.!
✯ S▒H▒O▒W ▒L▒O▒V▒E▒ ❤ℱℴℓℓℴω❤ ═╬► ..... HE IS AN AMAZING SINGER/PRODUCER ALL FOLLOWERS GET & SHOUTOUTS IM CHECKING
Are you going to kiss me or not?
I open doors for girls all the time out of respect, but if she doesn't say "thank you", I'll pull her back and close it on her
Going to LaGrange Ga for a HOLY GHOST REVIVAL tonight and tomorrow night 7pm LaGrange PHC Pastor Lenard Hodge. Come be with us.
Nobody interviews people about their mortality, and then plays the interview back when they die, like
lmao nah I like it haha!
Game 6 was the Bruins 15th win of these playoffs, a new club record for one playoff year.
Website is almost ready! Stay tuned for Mother's Day Special!
": The most annoying part of a #Virgo is how critical they are."
headed to the vanguard tonight to hear again!
Don't forget, there's an sandwich going on in my head right now starring Anne Hathaway and Kristen Bell.
just stay up till lunch then your good
right metric? i guess that'd be ticket sales then, eh?
and bitches love hookah. smoke hookah.
I think it's going to be Alex.
social network product roadmap: [P0] klout score column sorting [P1] quora score column [P2] turntable.fm dj ranking. [P6] more granularity?
Sold my Body Count cd (with Cop Killer) for $75 a few years ago. Didn't copy songs. What was I thinking?! Here I come isohunt.
Measure: inputs, efficiency,reaction,learning,application,impact,ROI, awards
Eye of the tiger 😜
Oh, I like that! I have some deadlines looming as well...
heard tbs new album?
RT : my buddy is pissed because I picked belcher to win lol. Hahahha! You're good at picking winners.
thanks gents!
most definitely!
1st prize: Brazilian Blowout 2nd prize: 1 hour Swedish massage 3rd prize: Classic Manicure
So, I was actually pleasantly surprised by we bought a zoo. I really really liked it! :)) yay for good movies.
Art Around Adams , June 2nd :-) probably at Cafe 21
Whew, been busy at Sojo office. It's okay, we thrive on it! No time to Tweet. Be back soon! Happy weekend everyone!
If your site is filled with weird character encoding errors like "Itâ€™s" instead of "It's" I'm just going to assume you're a scraper
girl you can have it...too bad I'm still acting like a complete idiot at work. It's like my body is confused with sobriety.
car, I was all twisted. Haha #fail so bad.
MT : Seriously? National Cleavage Day? I'll celebrate by using my boobs for their intended purpose, I'll #breastfeed my baby.
if u guys are still on the same shit for 3 years, just let him go, you would force him to stay if all he does is look for an excuse to leav?
And let's give a #NAFSA10 warm Twitter welcome to -his 1st NAFSA & 1st Tweetup!
I don't think SD is ready for this. This is going to be epic!
Shoutout to for my icon. (: thanks for making me a cat<3
Bored as heck!!
Chiddy's new album is great!
MT : Frmr Press reporter RT : Follow for live updates from Occupy Oakland. Shit is exploding
Of course! BUT Only if you Follow me and Call me ;D I'm one heck of a Basketball player ;)
Does The Mitt have a "Mitt" for Mitt to eat?
I knew she looked like someone but I couldnt put my chin on it lmao
oh YES !  If it comes in somebody better do it with me.
Give me the beats boys
Happy Thanksgiving, Horns fans. Let's feast on these Aggie turkeys one more time.
well when I'm not so tired I will
well trauma looks different to everyone -- for me it was seeing my grandmother die, then my mother, then my back injury
In hollywood meeting with the pastor of ecclesia
wow. Nice work.
How about a shout-out to the fans of the multi-talented !!
Have neither seen the Avengers nor Captain America.
You are awsome...thanks! RT : wanna chat? You have my number don't you? I'd be happy to help....
shut up lol
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 25
Good morning
RT If u will follow me I'll follow bak
bases loaded game tied at 3 , middle of the 5th... #TCU making a pitching change
one of my favorite bands back in middle school:)
omg im going to bed soon. Im not waiting for you all night. -_-
That Jay line is my fav. It got me thru a lot of hard times.
listening now. I dig it!
^Moses answered the people, “Do not be afraid. Stand firm and you will see the deliverance the LORD will bring you today. The Egyptians...
I'm not focused on my physical man I'm working on my inner man.
is this a joke or.... hahaha
...and if your keys should fall into a pool of molten lava, let 'em go man cause their really gone!
just in case, you better make sure to mention it again
Manny Parra's ERA is 2.20. If no one acknowledges it, does it exist?
LOLOLOL. Yess, she's demanding her park to be built up RIGHT NOW. If only she knew its not that easy..
#retrosoul Off to Perform
Haha. Yeah right. Will do.
Happy birthday, !
I miss you on more and more every week!
Just saw a Perry The Platypus RV omg badasss
I have the perfect pic of u grandma B
Just got to Puerto Rico for the YRNC! What's the official hashtag?
Hey girl, it kinda sorta looks like Crayola gang banged your face.
memorized ALL my spanish vocab in 45 minutes YOLO
In honor of #EarthDay this weekend, check out for awesome Eco-friendly yoga mats!
you are welcome
i need it. to get my scholarship to a catholic school
Thanks so much to those who have recently started to follow me. For those unaware, I am, when time allows, reviewing YA books as well.
the alex gordon not like the jabroni luis salazar
"No offence" really means, "I'm about to insult you, but don't get mad
've got friends in the Lone Star State...good to know y'all!! Lol
Do you TiVo Jeopardy? Because that would be awesome.
Shelton gets the bucket and is fouled! He hits the FT and we are tied again at 83.
I don't believe in tl;dr.
Finally back on track with #insanity. Feels soo good
Second game isn't complete, so I don't want to shortchange But he's heading for a 405-RBI season.
Lol, candles c/b replaced :) "Good news about book. Go a little more sparingly on that candle"
I just buy songs off itunes now that Limewire shutdown. Need to find a way to the get them for free again
Guys dont deserve what they have in front of them .Is time to move on i deserve better!
"Mama, I hear flowers in the music" - my 3yr.old's description of classical music playing while driving to day care.
How are you liking college life?
happy Sunday to you!! :-)
i am hoping it's an aug. light machine gun on the wall would be awesome!
This heffa really thinks she can hang wit me?! Man you haft to be dreaming!
How's the Big Apple without us? Friendship fail. At least we have Park City.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. #TAF #followngain ? #TFB ? #500ADAY?
RT : Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success. ~ Henry Ford
On the way to the Animation Studio in Brooklyn!
Im so lazy today
Columbus news anchor covering Chuck Sheen sounds much more incredulous saying "tiger blood" than NYC counterparts.
Follow me and share me! I'll Do the same:D
Tried to return call from resolution center. Reentered dreaded #800 vortex. Hmm.. no way to enter an ext #. Frustrating.
Once you've gone through a bad relationship it will open your eyes to appreciate a good one.
Yes it can -- in fact, that remedy helped a lot earlier this week when I had a huge stress headache.
Damm thought I was off ... I need a off day. I aint complainin when that money roll n.... I stack my money up.....
ill buy it only if Dave Coulier is a guest collaborator
Happy 78 birthday Gmama cause you gone but ever or gotten
"I never wrote it."
yep;) hey there
Yay!!!! State testing is done! Getting ready for Vegas this weekend!! Let's do this thing!! :)
Thanks for following! Looking forward to tweeting with you :)
fool in the man mind he is a superstar
I'd <3 2 embed 'shelf-end' thin clients wi touch screens & wireless for items-and get further with mobile client. Then kill OPACS!
Happy Monday! Retweet this if you are ready to get back to the mat today!
I want to see avengers :(
HaHa. Yes. The best gift ever. Shall we call them MagneticBags or RickPix??
spend shift 4: block party capitalism, consumers focus on supporting local businesses.
Happy you all enjoyed that one, we did too
You have always been a hard worker! I don't know anyone who works as hard as you do.
I read this yesterday. It appears his mom/wife helped him w/the kidnappings/murders? What's relationship w/missing ppl & Mayes?
it would be one interesting t.v show
MAKING GOLD RECORDS BABY.
50 bringing out the gold
He did? Lol... He was so successful, we did not notice. :) Kind of sad that was your BEST moment of the artwalk.
Audience suggestion: "CHICKEN!" screamed at the top of her lungs. Roaring applause. It's going to be a good night.
Horizon Report metatrends 1) Social Computing 2) Visualization 3) Digital Storytelling 4) Educational Gaming - All mobile
Sounds like NYT made mistake in data analysis that led to wildly wrong estimate of % students borrow for college.
"We're blaming 'society' yet we are society. So to make it a better place, we must change ourselves first.
did you roger that? cacacopy cat?
We took Pelham by Deadly Avenger - so I love freaking Pandora!!!
I can't believe you went to Roden Crater. SO JEALOUS! And The Salt Lake is so high this year! I hope the journey is fantastic.
I agree it's not really creative, we could incorporate something else. I just thought its a good way to get everyone involved
Not seen by me thx to a channel outage on ! RT Wow. That goal by Cisse was __!
When is your big day?
RIP MS Etta James. Though u r gone your music lives forever!
I believe that is why people say you should not go
it aint the size of the man. its the size of the motherfuckin plan
Last time I shaved my head I regretted it. But rite now I'm really tempted to do it.
I'm gonna become a much nicer person. I promise.
retweet away doll ;)
soon we will be getting sick of memes before they even begin
EVERYONE!! GO FOLLOW NOW ...THERE EFFIN AMAZING K?! COOL AHHAHA GO FOLLOW NOW
I disagree with Graham's position on gay marriage, and believe his view is discriminatory. It's OK to not tolerate intolerance.
Bed has never felt so good. Waking up tomorrow a different person
you did AMAZING tonight. You are so talented!! Great tribute to a great Man. Lionel Ritchie
Our prayers go to the people who had encountered tragedies in Indianapolis, Indiana at the Indiana State Fair tonight.
Thank you!
I checked them out they straight Lil brah
Wife making Christmas goodies and there is random Christmas music on in background
Just took a nap Time for dinner
Check your emails as a new monthly special should be in your InBox.
,.definitely butter!
I have found the game to be, in all factualness, a universal language wherever I traveled at home or abroad. - Ben Hogan
Whats your job....coffin stuffer..yours?
Your music puts me in a good mood. So thank you.
then plan better and work smarter
Im a voodoo child.
don't claim to be a bisexual chick if you just receive head but you don't have the balls to give it.
I've been kelvin-ing so much today thhat my phone is at 10% :o
TGIF!!! yes yes oh yes!
You know I thought Autism was the end of the world. Now I know it has opened up the Universe.
National Pancake Day and on a Tittie Tuesday, awesome!
thats weak #Mets! Would 3 for 3 do it? Any other combinations than 3 for 5?
Winking lizard with the family. Good to run into and
do you dance?
I just pre ordered
Naa I Been Calling But... No Answer.
The party of my people!
Someone nice please come rub my back and then maybe spoon with me.
You had a good girl, but you cheated on her, disrespected her, lied to her, and neglected her. And you wonder why she left you?
looks yummy
Never give in, never give in, never, never, never. Sir Winston Churchill
don't forget 2nd life for your avatar!
Soo tired of the negativity.
Follow me! *Tupac Voice
“: Has anyone had a better sports weekend than ?” It's been a solid weekend! Just need my fantasy team to win.
date picker popups also a native functionality in HTML5
Still, you know you want your own penguin army. Everybody needs a penguin army.
Thanks for caring about the earth!
It's snowing?
Its funny that people think im sleeping when really my heads just down.
getting my roots done tomorrow =]
testing a tab
Bet the bus ride from this country hell hole takes forever
At my husband's hospital bedside trying to slay these monsters that beset him! Prayer changes things - we'd love to have yours please!
why wouldn't jags want Tebow? Switch him n Gabbert every other down. It's a
My cousin met Phil Collins at a private Texas history book meeting. When she showed the pics, I immediately thought of you.
How cool would an ABDC episode with One Direction songs be?
these next two weeks need to go by FAST!
Working on a gift box idea for mailing out product. I just have to get my brain and my creative cell structure talking! More coffee!!
What do computers eat when they get hungry? Chips.
Supposed to be in the city right now meeting Colton Dixon :(
Is Septa on Twitter? I just waited 45 minutes for the #12 bus. I know it's a busy day but 3 #42s and a few #21s & #9s managed to come by.
IPD and City Police Chiefs spoke at Larie Butler's funeral, told the parents they can be very proud of their daughter,
Sir Too Short comin straight from Oakland....life is...Too Short
Yes i will hun give my a couple of minutes to get on my computer
Wolf releases this summer. Rumor has it Hodgy & Domo are making a MellowHigh tape. Rad.
So how did you get here under my skin? Swore that I'd never let you back in..
It's collection development Friday and this title came up in my slips: INTERSTATE 95: THE ROAD TO SUN AND SAND.
I feel the same way but it's been a year since Joe tweeted to me.
Uh, is the pope Catholic, bob? Does a bear sh*it in the woods? You get the drift. cc/
Ion like bald pussy I like wolf pussy hahahaha
Yep... "Lord of the Flies"
If wants to make his car pretty he should totally put "D + R = 4ever" on the side. Omg. With a heart.
I don't understand why #AnnaWintor thought it was questionable to put a black girl on the cover of #Vogue. Why not?
Rocktagon MMA presents Elite 12 Pro/Am Jan 21 in Cleveland. Call 440-731-1321 or your favorite fighter to get tickets before they sell out!
love you more!!
im doing great too! yeah we definitely will! i come out to byu in august, so we for sure will!
you ain't even let me know about that one shit bro
why is it so hard for me not to smile?! #why #iguessimjusttoobubbly (:
#markets #voodoo #foodcarts #rosegarden #tram - what to see in 24 hrs in Portland?
fck u bitch....im studying too...last exam then summer...ima hit u up after its over
My Son >> "This is gonna hurt Dad, so you might wanna stand back very closely" LoL
She's a lil monster!!! Where the wild 1's go, lol:)RT : The party can start now that Milania has arrived!
Poor lil Jax did NOT wanna wake up @ 5:30 this morning. He stuck his face under the covers w/just hit nose out #toocute Wish I had a camera
very well
Thinks it's time to get comfy and call it a night
same here but im tired of american food, since im surrounded by it, but anything without meat ill eat it ^-^
#IDSD mobile revenue growth to double quickly.
LOOOOOL stop it i cannot! :)
In VA? Pls help my homie #stuffthebus. Its a charity for toys 4 tots. He needs to fill the buses before he can go home
hey can you follow my personal account?.
heyy! Tell him o kik me
This nigga took his girl to Target to chill... Lmao smh
have you done recaps for the other episodes like does. Maybe you two should do a duet together.
text me
June 26th Beer Land with Waxeater. Be there.
What species scares u then?
Wednesday was bike to work day in NOLA. Continue the healthy trend and make 1 day/ week bike day. Your heart will thank you for it.
did the perfect take of a new song called fangs...& then the computer loses its mind...
you take this? If so, you alright?
I consistently oversteam my vegetables. Curses
"Statistically, I should have herpes..." -Rube Sheeber
Tweeter wasn't around when I was studying Journalism, but are opening my eyes to "New" journalism
my timeline is never safe with Malik's ole creepin ass... hahahaha
yo momma know you got a black baby daddy?!?! lmao.
Go see Babes in Arms! My professional taste has determined it to be absolutely fabulous. :) [facebook]
Little text messages throughout the day really cheer me up :)
They Have To Find Out Who Kidnapped Me First.....
kayla, don't we all ?
Thank God it's Hump Day..Really..Thank You Lord!!
"Design is marketing on steroids" -
You know all you have to do is tell us. right ? "Tell me what you want from me, tell me what you want" -
Celebrating hump day of finals week with some Duffs and my fav people 😁
Shonn Greene will post huge numbers (as long as he stays healthy) because he is going to get a ton of carries
LOL *mwah mwah mwah* all over you.....of course I like YOU! I was talking about my #roster lol
Lol RT : I have to tinkle but I don't want to break the seal lmao
I was in the business for ten years. I also was privy when I was with the team. I could tell you stories.
I've called so many Senators and Assemblymembers "off the floor", I've run out of my HEP business cards. Handwritten notes for tomorrow!
Am I the only one that LOVES spoilers? #Bachelor doesn't start for an hour, but I know the ending. Thanks to my BFFL!
Coltons on the way!
Viewing slick app by Maestro that gets product info to sales force via iPad. Admits: app is a CMS, skills training is ILT.
it's the truth. *shrugs* Your 5ft 1 3⁄4in of something special.
Young MOney Babiiee
u a sexy young lady
…language. You learn valuable cross cultural ideas that help inform things in your life. Learning another language also…
The Bellmen are playing for free during
i don't wanna go to a show in California. i want my work to be worth it.
#NowPlaying Hurt Somebody (Parental Advisory) by Akon from Hurt Somebody (Parental Advisory)
no, swear u was prolly on that stuff lol
My takeaway from tonight's debate: the clear winner was moderator Juan Williams.
I been crazy tho, since I came out the placenta.
Anyone know if my physical license is expired, but I have a receipt showing I renewed them online. Will they let me into the bars?
Francis Gurry, #WIPO #GlobalINET Intellectual Property about balancing needs of all. Net radically increases # of creators
one picture for all of them or one for each..!??:/
Manure in a healthy pasture (marriage) that is watered and maintained will cause growth, not decay !!!
I don't understand why I'm up.
omg ryan hollins is in game for boston haha
"Your product is dazzling." Comment from actual professor. Stop by Booth 323 for a demo of our online primary source reader.
Q: You know why God is a man? A: Because if God was a woman she would have made sperm taste like chocolate.
when will you follow me?
Thanks for a great weekend of Yoga! Can't wait to get going on my home practice.
Dr. Joseph Kerschner appointed Dean and Executive Vice President for MCW.
I will!
Already excited for the May 8 panel w/ Christine Pelosi in Sacto - "Is Democracy too Slow?" Our fantastic co-host/partner:
Happy cinco de mayo! A holiday to some, but still a work day to us!
Happy Birthday Jackie O!
I know it's all my fault, and I feel obligated to fix it.
I'm seriously depressed right now..
Listening to #BeastieBoys station on in memory of Adam Yauch.
Tweet. Tweet.
Laundry n ironing...eventually
rondo Chris Paul tony Parker williams Jason kidd
Shop from home, useful, green, safe, 40% off. Full time income. Doesn't pay to work a real job anymore, amazing 4 people. C what I do! 4212
haha nope! That's what is all about!!
Shameful that our county and city commissioners are encouraging sprawl.
I have no idea what #DTRBABY means...
We don't need your input on everything!
back at ya Nick
Nice series there Dunk, 3, steal
Make sure to flexx at the shoot. And lets work
By the way, Roddy White wasn't even talking about Bountygate. He was talking about something completely different.
Thanks for the mention!
ATTN Fashion Designers / Retail Store owners! We r looking 4 clothing for a fashion event in July! Please MSG us ASAP w/ your deets!
you're my future abs idiot
me too vacation:D I'm good.thanks!
I need a for sure yes or no for st pattys. #makingplans #buyingstuff :)
UMC trauma on west charleston
without question,
girl, that bitch nearly snapped our necks trying to get through
how can you say ew? That was badass!
flight delay. -.-
What is your favorite way to "wrap up" a semester of teaching and learning?
sandro offer to make way for lennon before he costs #spurs a goal
Ppl think I'm social but I've just decided that I need to expand my comfort level. Will talk to a new person everyday in 2012.
My head is killing me: I guess it's not your birthday if you're not hungover the next day. Thank you to everyone for all the kind wishes.
seems like just yesterday #OneTime came out. time flys. happy birthday justin<33 :]
I've been doing well. The wind has been tough. I have to work on my run. I drove the triathlon route the other day. How r
PFT NO NO ! and wait im gonna send you something by dm!:)
Best seat in the house for Oscars and yes I'm wearing Calvin Klein...pajamas...cause the best seat is my COUCH....Oscar time baby!
I was referring to me making fun of the crappy #SawItOnFSOhio hashtag. I'm just using it to make fun of how stupid it is.
Misread that as giraffe at first. Might have been a more interesting article.
For we walk by faith, not by sight 2 Corinthians 5:7 it is very important to speak positivity into life into your life and believe.
Hoping for Zack Ryder on this one
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Beach in the morning
Anyone wanna do something today? It's the only day I am free all weekend.
Ha! Man I looked it up the other night, averaged Tix, in the $200 a pop. I went last year but gonna just spend that 200 at a bar
I love u too sis. Long sigh
My school takes the olympics thing too seriously
none the less tonight was fun with my bbys paola jenny pri & katie :-) goodnight xoxo
thank for the follow!
Loving this x collaboration. Thanks for loaning me some running shoes!
The loudest n¤gga in da room is usually the
did you find an apartment? If you need help let us know! We can help!
Had an awesome time at the wedding. So glad I got to go with Josh!
it is quite challenging! That is advanced ux!
i love xo's lol
hey sweetie! I hope your night is better. :) I just wanted to say that you're one of the strongest women I know & I know..
I'll follow back as soon as twitter allows thank you:)
You are going to the Onward Summit? That's great! I'll see you there!
tryin my best! try to find some new friends & stop bein so sad you left me.. i know no one can replace someone as cool as me...
Hahaha ;) only this time, poke him and slowly drag him off stage for a little fun time. #ifyaknowwhatimean ;)
oh and also, that Grimm episode was awesome but also slightly disappointing. I thought it would be more epic.
why having bday in the summer is pretty kool...un like mine,mine in the skool time
I hate this guy, homeless mother fuckers just moochin off my mom. Thinkin hes all that, yet u have no job no nothing and came from a shelter
M ... heading to Maxies for dinner. Can't wait!
Is not afraid of the jazz.
Lunch ! Favorites so far: The Paris, Berlin, & Buenos Aires
Why didn't anyone tell me was on Modern Family!? I hope we get to see more
Not ready for tomorrow. I guess it will be diff.
South Asian Diaspora women artist East West Convergence, show in planning stages send
Wine is fine, but whisky's quicker.
I wanna get my nipples done this weekend and I need to go in there blowed so I can be calm ... Know how I am with needles
we'll start the night out with a promise, sing it loud and honest. by the end of this we won't feel a thing.
We are super excited to now offer #GYMNASTICS to youth in our community program: www.danceinstitute.org
You know you're sick when you're home when the History Channel is showing actual history. MTV, what say you?
I vote Julia... No wait Kevin.... No wait, that's right I DON'T GET A VOTE! Sweet democracy .... Right :-/
Any suggestions for language screens for adults?
so would a reference superhero sport a stapler in a holster? seems more menacing than a 3 hole punch.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH <3 ! 9
Making a penis cake. I know you're jealous!
long haired devon Rex
get me currensy's autograph.!!!...not!
College Football Predictions: Afternoon game Baylor @ OK St; OK St -14.5 and the under 81.5
I Have Become Who I Hope That You Were.
Its okay. you'll grow out of your baby face phase soon :p
I'm @ Fashion Show Mall
same. i should go back to bed and cry mysellf to sleep
review yes:)
Don't wana break your heart, wana give your heart a break.
do you stay up all night on twitter?
I PINKY PROMISE I'LL BE HERE FOR U FOREVER. I wish I could give u a hug :(
In stupid health with
#awesomerandomfact RT : It looks to an observer as if you're saying "I love you" if you mouth the word "colorful".
Gary Payton probably the best Point Guard in the NBA in the last 25 years.
ahaha thats okay and hey! i think i have that one OMG!!! :D
I'm waiting just for the right moment...
. thank you for your challenging questions to my proposal to take up role as your spiritual leader. Will reply in due course.
why do i insist on going out!?! i need sleep! work is gonna suck today
Sleep! Goodnight! :)
Watching the #ThePottersHouse LIVE & shared program 4 women of faith to thrive in the marketplace!
So delighted to be spending Saturday in Annapolis with the House of Delegates.
lol well no, but get that annoyed look on my face, i be in the middle of stuff and moms just says the same things over n over
“I am what I am” ― popeye
try a day OTHER than the one marked on the calendar.
Finished 10th out of 155 players.
Duck and cover!
sounds good dude
Generating a pdf using data rows from excel and an image as the ...
Eminem is the best, he raps about life, his problems not weed, drugs or girls. His life in words. ♥
it was just a dream! :(((
If you've ever answered questions you don't know the answers to, you've created a religion
Anna is snoring and twitching while she's taking her nap.
Golf in Shools starts today!
Now I'm curious about the balloons - they were inflated, but not floating. Maybe they add helium later? Use heavy weights?
GOODMORNING! Omg! When will it be the day you noticed me? D': Please!
Tell me if I'm off base. We all hated Modell around here. But going after him didn't get our team back. We went after the league
MY BABY IS COMING HOME TOMORROW!!
Congrats to on his new job at
do you model for teen vouge?
Wowee the Twins couldn't be struggling more. Yikes.
doctors with mom. /:
I missed it.
So looking forward to this summer! :D
Caller on #Npr just said factions within occupy oakland want to provoke "spectacular clashes with opd" to radicalize people
The hardest part about loving someone, is watching that person love another person.
Which is cool and all, I guess. I'm glad it ISN'T mumps, but it's still really painful & I hope the antibiotics kick in son. :(
when school comes my sleep schedule will be fucked up. :/
Keep a look out for our baseball fantasy games!
R.I.P. RESSIE CUP I LOVE YU!!!
I want a tickets Por favor!!!
student Allison Lafferty BOOKED! 1st trip to India this fall to study yoga in its birthplace. Congratulations!
Yeaa ii seen it . what made you chanqe it ?
thanks for the follow. Funny jokes, good job.
Can't get my darn twitter acct to work....let's try again...
Hoping that everyones friday has started out well so far.
Thx for mention!
Party or make money hm....Make money
happy easter
Its finna go DOWN in atlanta
I saw that movie! Millennium with Kris Kristopherson!
Thanks for coming out today!
Man I been waiting for #BuildTheBrandPart2=I will wait all nite to c it...:-)
where can I see some pics of you? Can I get a follow back?
damn that was gonna be my next pose.. Lol
Milk and graham crackers.
We've just connected with 50 top psychologists on Twitter. Our award winning program is a great supplement to ongoing counseling for kids.
yet here i am, twittering instead of reading while i wait in the airport
soon he can have two new friends. Rufus and Riley to hang with
Haha. You ever get a ticket?
What a year this has been! We're very happy to hear that things are starting to pick up again. We're hoping for the best in 2012!
Relaxation CDs - Welcome to the Greatest Relaxation CDs Store on the Web! Including Guided Relaxation CDs, Brainwave CDs, Nature CDs......
I need to learn to believe in it again...but how?!?
what is all this damn honking for?! unless you about to lay out a baby bitch, please shut the fuck up.
Hey , I was hoping you'd weigh in, my very thoughtful friend!
Surly Abrasive has sold out online, we should have more in next week. Please check back, Thank you!
Love getting Sundrop when I go down Southside-so much better than Mountain Dew.
This article discusses some useful tips to help you succeed and make money with Twitter
They're 4-0 so far. At the moment, I think not.
I miss sitting in this beautiful Casino & Hotel and taking in the amazing architecture of this building!
A mother deer and her baby had decided that my house is a good place to hang. Nice but she continues to eat my flowers I just planted.
I know, sometimes gets a little homesick. You guys taking care of him? Raisinets and pretzels should do the trick.
Thanks for the follow...look forward to your tweets!
High school band concert soon..
Sat with pal at lunch and compared notes on managing editorial departments.
"That shit crazed" - Kanye West, dismissive Antiques Roadshow appraiser
Congress has will create a committee to travel to Ticonderoga and continue to Canada to aid in the military decisions while taking Quebec.
good music. great company. fantastic weather. perfection.
's new song drops tomorrow...
AVENGERS ASSEMBLE! Enjoy!! :)
This new guy better be worth it
Omgad. I can't freaking contain myself! I'm so damn excited!
Going to the mall<3
Oh technology... you suck balls.
seriously why are brands separated, sales people slow, & prices non-transparent? It's officially time to change the game!
LOL! Hope the suffering has now stopped over there. :P
A moonlight tour of the monuments sounds neat. I've only had a chance to see a few lit up at night when I've visited DC.
Is this a flashback to when I watched this show or my childhood?
Rise/Grind
ha thanks, I'm glad my annoyance with the person in front of me at panda was justified
csvkit is nicorette for my excel habit
Omg he put his tongue in her mouth that's disgusting ew ew e we e ee ew e w this movie is so gross djkdffb
Cam Newton is a pouty loser.
The Macy's in southridge is so pointless
Stupid neighbors woke me up..
sounds like the streets of Allston!
Yes. First world problem.
I got wat u need
LA are y'all ready for this pool party season ? Season 4 EXCLUSIVE - Private Location - Invite Only - Memorial Day 5/28
Thanks to all Bricktown Shuttle riders for letting OKC Party Bus be your designated driver. Reserve your seat for next week at 405-447-2446
play me on drawsomething!
Giving up on everybdy...I'm srry but I can't nomore...
can't send message without a follow.
NACUA CEO: “: So happy to have many guests with us at the CLE workshop who are not #NACUA members. Welcome!”
Everyone just looks so ~cute~ for mothers day
Examine what is said, not him who speaks. - Proverb
Of the 11 members of the senior staff, four have been in their current positions of leadership for ten years or more.
<<it would be hard to shift them out entirely. Q4.
he's my favorite :) crying cause colton went home :'(
thank u so much! lets get in touch for the next one :)
Ensure the safety of your children at home. Install an alarm system today! 877-760-2143 Serving ALL of Louisiana
You are the Greatest Female Rapper Alive and the Queen of Pop! Damn I Love You!
I like it! Better up my skills.
I find it interesting that the author has no objection to the whitewashing. Interesting and sad
how r the boys?
You're welcome : To the woman walking the beach with booty shorts and high heels. Very strange but... thank you.
well guess we both are then ha
old is right!! Haha
Homes are at their lowest price in a decade. CNN 4/24/12.
You know you're jealous of my Illinois shoreline photos!
is currently completing a quarter's worth of work.... And the all-nighter is well underway! ;)
gettin loco with the cake
Can we make it right for you? Not sure why you would have been denied...
Glee was amazing, now time for The Hunger Games! :)
I'm the kind of guy who listens to DJ Khaled yell for the first min and a half of a song and hit skip once people start rapping.
RT Win $500 and a trip to San Francisco! Design a T-shirt for the Summit 2012
Doing great thx! We haven't talked in awhile been so busy!
Happy 4th of July.... Have a great day.
Thanks for following back! I'm a huge fan...seriously. I wish I had a Woodchuck right now!
AITE SO IF YOU FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER AND I DONT FOLLOW YOU BACK I REACHD A FOLLOW LIMIT SO JUS KEEP FOLLOWING ME SO I CAN FOLLOW MORE PEOPLE
Oh, Rebecca Black. Can't respect your journo ethics, but can't help but respect that you wear your hair curly
Not legally allowed to leave home without it RT : I hope you have a pitch pipe prop.
I'm going to rock a vest like that next week at Rupp. Hot!!!
Big up to Patriceconcepts always on the ball
Wish I was laying by the pool with my biff ...but no, we're workaholics.
48. time to get cracking.
I'm free next week. My schedule clears up.
it's all about 'refined' #sweets! #chocolate and soccer are the best!
or you could head the other direction and visit us in ABQ... and I would love to see you!
Cute phone call, dude!
Some girls jus dont kno waz right for them & what they really want!!!
Yes! The Homie Instigate and his girl are town! Gonna be a reunion!
I heard your going to school out here
yeah! Lol heard that song on the radio.
On the ground in Philly - YAY! Can't get home to my family fast enough!
Saw comment about $2.01 coffee; writing about Starbucks. Want to chat? Please send phone # or email me at
This Last Bullet Aiint Even Worth Wasting 2 Kill Yhu.,!
Please make sure to check into www.imaginarytalent.net for most recent info and event status!
The most poisonous spider is the black widow. Its venom is more potent than a rattlesnake's.
cam newton!~rookie of year!
At NISO E-books Renaissance, exploring the possibilities exposed by digital books
Hang in there boys. 3 points tonight are HUGE.
For the record, never trust an alcohol infused concoction made from this individual --> CC:
I love medal of honor for my psp
That's pretty awesome :D!
I would love me a pair
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Trail Blazer Barbecue Sauce 5 / 5 Stars | 3 Reviews by ButterknifeRevolution "A spicy barbecue sauce with the zi
good for you!! hope to see you guys live when you come to NY again.
People so violent nowadays
oh damn so scared
ALL I WANTED WAS A NAP AND YOU HAD TO RUIN THAT 😒😒😒😒
Happy Birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day!
Spending today vegging by the pool!! YeeeeeHawwwwwwwww!
Brain Floss: Hippocrates recommended a mixture of salt, alum, and vinegar be used as a mouthwash.
For once #futsa left me alone but they're currently feeling up my wife.
The #Bucks are making it happen!!!!
Thanks for the #ff! Enjoy your weekend, Dana.
gnight! gonna listen to this track tomorrow loud when noone hear to see if i still feel the same.. if i do then i ship it out..and wait
its so weird how some old #punk rock bands are# tumblr famous and some aren't
People keep asking me, what are the " Rules to Being Single"
Sounds awesome :) Keep it up!
Is #LastManStanding a show that was built for humorless Republicans?
attention anyone in miami? does anyone want to do anything? I'm bored as hell
Anthropology 1010 – Signature Assignment | Carl Smith – E-Portfolio
i love you (: its actually our poor girl c-rob. <3 shes doinnn a good job though!
School is so boring. Especially when they block everything on our friggin iPads. -.-
So now you "TRILL", instead of 'BASED"?
Since I do not know the layout of the place I will say out be the sign in area. I can go later for our Central Time Zone folks
We just got a 2-minute warning before the draw.
IT matters not whether you are a good woman or man. If a person is a dog they're going to handle things accordingly.
Omw to church :)
so I'm guessing you didn't do shit to shay and Austin like you said you were?
Yay! We made it to Friday! Drink up that coffee, finish up that breakfast, and run that last mile a little harder because its a great day!
Gotta love myself better than I have been lately. I deserve it.
“: Look what Mercy's overcome, Death has lost & Love has won I am His because he is #ALIVE Happy Easter!”
Just uploaded the picture...so excited!!! LOL
I'm trying to describe to how horrendous my poop will be. I just don't have enough adjectives or metaphors to describe it. :(
Getting the Hulk tattoo would feel like the devil burning my flesh off with needles dipped in alcohol then sand papering the wound.
#Royals fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#Orioles #Royals)
They gave us all $10 gift cards, sponsored by other contributors to #DonorsChoose. Ingenious way to build the user base!
RT : has taken over this feed again.....Bulls win!!!
Random: I need to learn how to take pictures of myself. I feel I take not-so-good pictures!
Rules on race that prevent thousands of middle-class parents from adopting ... - Daily Mail
I also have signed up but have not received the newsletter! Would love to read it!
oh um RT : Ke$ha's single "Tik-Tok" sold more copies than any single from The Beatles.
genuinely surprised the play count is that low since
Winding down our first big UX Research effort & we're starting the 'rolling around in the data' phase. It's like catnip, I can't get enough!
Bynum >> Your teams center
THANK YOU CHIPPER JONES!
his black power built ass
Ha! :-) In all seriousness, I need not to feel like a criminal ordering a veggie pizza sub. Oh what drama...
Who he is following made me laugh. The guy may be good at baseball but his judgement sucks.
one that big fat & got corns & bunions
Thanks for the RT and your kind comment. Hope you're well. I'm wishing I had a salt lick sized happy pill at the mment.
who killed Rosie Larson? Spending my Friday catching up.
well, you ain't sleeping when you get here! disorientation begins soon
I question people that always have a story. Is your life really that interesting or are you making shit up?
thought that we were stronger.
you can laugh at him when Tebow flops. Jets suck. I need to plan a trip to Vegas soon lol going through withdrawals
thanks God it's friday
Living my life out loud, this is just a bump in the road... <3
I don't understand my sleep patterns. Not tired at all now yet in 35 min ill be exhausted. Will get 3.5 hrs of sleep and be wide awake.
Even if you don't like me I bet you fall in love with my ride
We're servin' up lunch Sugar Shack style. Come on by
My Pandora is rocking out a healthy mix of Nonpoint, Ill Nino, and Deftones through the stereo. What's on your playlist?
Yes! Or #whatnottowear RT : Mitch Daniels looks like he's auditioning for a role on
started using last night. should be interesting.
kids are still mourning Terra Nova's demise :(
Triple booting my Mac and other fun geekiness tonight
Just had a great meeting with Stay tuned for a big announcement coming soon!
"Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is." H. Jackson Browne
"Accept me for myself or not at all. Any other arrangment cheats us both."---Father Joe Sica
RT : MUST FOLLOW
RT No, no. I get it. You can ignore me, but if i ignore you. It's a big deal..
Damn near getting in a fight today <<<<<<< this talk with
Look on/ "like" "LOVEVOODOO" community facebook page for pics...
“: Tony Parker scoring at will”I told you he would
Unthawing some water.
mist new arenas have practice facilities inside the arena, why didn't Kobe go in there to workout?
Sweeping the Pirates would be nice. Especially since it'd make the Tigers 1 over .500...
Social media policies should identify corporate culture and support the role of social media for strategic communications
Wow. Just followed me on twitter, out of the blue. Pretty cool, if you ask me! Cx
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
oh no! I hope you have some consolation treats on hand. can you just knock, drop the papers, and run away?
awe :) whens your b-day?
"omg i love being sick" things people don't say.
u can find mellow spots in SD. I would still love to move back to WI but my hubs is Ca thru n thru. I like it too but miss WI
#Voiceover is a wonderful way to make a living, but now I'm going to get some rest before starting afresh in the morning.
bout to hoop at sc park!
good morning drinking down my coffee with some MaxPro good stuff giving free samples @ w.mmabq.com
How do I make Tuesday paper/advertisement deliveries stop for good?? Please help!
I understand that friends come and go.. I still love you all.. <3.
I hate kids that used to say "I'm giving up homework for lent!"
Daily Muse: "Destiny is not a matter of chance; it’s a matter of choice!” Anonymous
Why did everybody hate Wesley Crusher so much?
Platinum CarShow today @ Club Nouveau n Tampa. Cars in town frm Miami, ATL and all over FLA. Kicks off @ 3 pm. More nfo 8137707363
I can officially use a chainsaw. I feel like this makes me somewhat badass...or a lumberjack. Now I need some flannel.
If I look or act like Billy Crystal when I get old, you have my permission pull the plug. If there's no plug, shoot me in the face.
All I've hear this week - "hey what are u doin for 4/20?" Uhhmm same thing I do every Friday?
I doubt the Cubs have the lead after this inning
caught a cold and I have a wedding rehearsal tomorrow and a wedding on Saturday to perform...Whats the best thing to do to get rid of it.
Man Fuck !,what happen last year New Money,New Shitt 2012 poppin off
I got 2 hours of sleep last night..
nice nails! Hope the scratch up some dudes back haha meow
i hate when girls make their status "go bulls"! bitch you dont even like bball. youre doing it for attention and likes.
My pleasure Dezzy!
FINALLY ! It's about time you joined ;)
- You know that lead actress is from The 'Ville? Still need to catch that movie myself.
Fun fact: Peter Weller is wearing Sally Jessie Raphael's glasses in Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension.
RT Aspy71 Luv it when an investment works. I made an investment December 23rd and doubled my money the other day when I sold it.
Merry Christmas! Operation Christmas Child party at Hope mid-hi gym 8:30 Friday- & listen to 90.7 K-LOVE for Christmas Music- might win CDs!
thank god you found him. Would have been crAzy to see pappardelle legba on a milk carton
hard to feel sorry for a bunch of crybabies millionaires then they have the nerve to ask about the hard working fans
Busy but well:) Lots of family, business, minor health concerns but doing great now:) Preparing 4 my 50th Alum Reunion May 25
I wanna move. Far away. Maybe Australia..
#quotes #time The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time. Abraham Lincoln
The only people you need in life are the ones that need you in theirs.
RT : Thanks to all the parents for bringing their kids to my camp this week. What a great group!!
please let the hostess know I'll be running a bit late
wait in mail or facebook? And whats it for?
Our wait is always shorter earlier or later in the day! And you can always feel free to send someone ahead!
”Once you get above Orange County, you're...ya know...you're in America.” NY AG Eric Schneiderman @
Going to wander around in Dupont on this amazingly beautiful day.
oh - rejection today, kinda smarmy one too.
Debut feature show ! Tues, Mar 6th 8p and 10p shows at the awesome Jazz Central in Minneapolis! Hop you can make it! #hot-tunez!
Ladys night tonight.. $5 Three Olives and $3 Select wines. Jenna is working during the day and Cara at night come by and say hi.
Good morning .
Especially when/because the conversations never move toward solutions.Arguing does EXACTLY what the powers that be hope to accomplish
We wish we knew about this event! Us #entrepreneur 's over here would of loved to come!
Ready to Start over? Have you consider Divorce? $69 Divorce. Call us NOW (727) 474 9988
Some kind of bug bit my leg. But don't worry, I killed it.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Can you please follow me?!?!?!?!?
doubt anyone cares but I've cut Fallout 3, GTA: IV, & Batman: Arkham City from my wishlist due to
lol..thats about it..and a verbal handshake over the phone.
amazing presentation by Aaron Koblin last night! www.aaronkoblin.com
RT : #Aries can easily become spoiled and resented by others.LEOs rule nigga
Dirty car? Wash it at Astro Jet Car Wash in Sellwood....The sun is out...
Tweetable! (I'm one of the 4 Matrix like Hitmen they mention) type in BOUND BY BLOOD: WENDIGO - GoErie.com/Erie Times-News www.goerie.com
Thanks for the RT! Hope you all have a fabulous day!
Maybe that's it. I'm on a PC.
We'll be sharing specials this afternoon too so be sure to give us a follow!
And ... the vacuuming is done, too!
“: "Quick, everyone act natural!" *Everyone strikes the most un-natural pose ever*”
i wished you were here, too, Pavement or not
but if u love them u let go and maybe fate has a plan for her in my life
haha... It rains a lot here too, but i think its just cause mother nature hates us
I sent you DMs. Please read. I'm completely to blame but it was not intended. Sorry.
It feels good having a day without your phone ringing every two minutes with a Bbm
Singing the national anthem for a grade school bball tourney today. Yeah i'm big time. Haha. :)
enjoy your week of fun in the sun
Even had a big smiled 'Goodnight Lee nice meeting you as she turned to leave' while I sat there frozen
I hate when he wanna take detours and sh.t I'm hungry wanna get home,
RT : RT : A face and a waist puts me in a good place
Today's the scary day that I print out my fledgling novel and hand it to the world's toughest editor: my hubby.
We already have handcuffs
Sometimes some people need a
In his horrible Yankee way.
lmfao, I don't think I do
Yum, soft pretzels and mootard
Alligator www.ardbeg.com/gator
PRODIGY even tho he migt drink it all lmao
If U Need Your Music Promoted Call Me Asap Taking On New Clients Only $100 For 4 Weeks Of Branding And Exposure. 678.835.7625 You will...
I hate you We don't need people like you in our world so why don't you make like Kesha and drop off the face of this EARTH.
Me too
hmmp , still thinking .. isususot sa united nation .. ms. latin american .. help ..
wish I had a rooftop garden
I am not a 'writing snob.' I believe everyone can write; it takes practice to improve. Pick 1 day a week and write just 1 page of words.
GOODMORNING aww...I woke up to my #300 follower thanks :)
omg, stop. or text me back. but doing just one is just #rude. ;)
What 8-letter word has one letter in it?Envelope.
Shhhhhhhhh .... I smell something
Anthony Davis has a unibrow. We all get it.
Pacers have no chance of beating the heat.. If they do I'll be surprised
Got my Thai food delivered now to finish my story (my fairytale)...
We'll start posting our walking days soon. Look forward to seeing you on the trail!
Where all all my twitters at?
SOS radio is what you're looking for!
100%. He's addicted to bunting. #buntingjunkie RT How much of the #brewers offensive struggles can you pin on #R??
I'll grant you 3 wishes cause I be the Genie. Niggas is assed out like fat bitches in bikinis.#RIP BIG
no matter how hard life is at times always keep your head up and smile the biggest SMILE possible:D
thanks bro! I'm hoping to make it to TX soon!!
Jim Downs talks about epidemic disease, burial, and conflicts of authority over Reconstruction in the postbellum American South.
"I am still learning." - Michelangelo
If you're not following , you should be.
has been a huge trial for us today! Anyone know why we get an "Upgrade Now!" page after every 10 or so search results?
What would it take to get Justin Turner back?
Thanx for the follow
i am Stacy Mildor
Thanks for making dinner! You are a good cook!
aw crap. I owe a beer, or something.
The OPLIN office has no internet, and we know several libs also without. It's an AT&T issue; no ETA known.
what would we do without you 4-5 days a week?
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Sulcabrush Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Can't wait for New York which is why I want this weight off of me. Dannyelle fundraiser is march 24 4:30 to 6 concert at 6:15.
1/2 - Everyone likes a little humor and it can make a learning process more interesting and help engage the learners, but...
I thought today's NY Times crossword was above average, but maybe it's all in my hea(r)d.
Congratulations on your #goldenglobes award for the Help "WELL DESERVING!"
Man, I'm so sick I got ambulances pullin' me over & shit.
Happy 1900th tweet! RT : rihanna nude
wanna go see a movie with me????
Oops! Lilli (age 23 months) was trying to tell bubbles, but she yelled "BOOBIES"!
Our care team can look into your issue. Pls message them w/ details. Thanks for choosing !
No more breakfast with 😥😢
Classic breaking the couch by standing on it x
right? Funny how twitter fades time.
Fruits,vegetables, and water is a good 3 day diet.
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing customized homes around San Antonio TX.
Thank you for the follow! Cheers!
Bang out till your brain is loose, remember that I'm like this thanks to you.
Yes.., it absolutely counts. Otherwise, I'm fooling myself too. Bouncing counts as leg exercises too!
these guys sweat it out quickly in the desert heat - so no telling!
check out our free app! You can post real-time location based listings to let SD know where youre cooking! see u @ 57degrees tmrw
Duke city 505 ... get ready! RT : On the air right now with on KSFM in Albuquerque - tune in ;-)
I'm planning to make my own "mud colored" oil paint with the mud Joan gave me. This is so exciting!
PLEASE follow mee(: it would make my life, I've been trying to get u to follow me forever<3
Lol. Then good job!
Bout to get on instagram *
lol i thought i was the only one who knew that lol
Mahmoud #Ahmadinejad Received his PHD from a paper mill.
DID YOU FIND IT MY LOVE?!? ;D
Trying to get used to Twitter I'm a fb fan!
BIZARRE...RT : With #Bieber, #50cent and #TripleH in your corner!! How can you lose lol
That sad moment when answers the group chat before my iMessage
Work is such a bust today.
I guess ill get a little high
word to me son, it is hard to compete with the waist to ass ratio of That shit don't make any sense.
Am I really tweeting? Or is it just the drugs making me think I joined twitter?
Today! Harvard Library Thinks Big event in Sanders at 4pm kicks off Harvard Library conversations series: bit.ly/hlsc11
SAN DIEGO STAND-UP! SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL STARZ! APR.12! RILEYS MUSIC LOUNGE! PERFORMING LIVE WILL BE CRISIS INSANE, FLASHIUS G. CLAY, PAKMAN
thanks for being Champions of the Community partner
Oh I've got one. The gargoyle prep school novels. GARGYLE. "They've got rock-hard abs. Literally."
uh huh yip
Has anyone seen the cover of Men's Health this month? I see Zac Efron is in good health..
no sleep, ugh. Saw having trouble 2. All that ever helped me was consistent schedule; not possible 4 u I bet.
RT : EVENT UPDATE: 'OUAB Presents E! Sensation ' has been cancelled due to medical concerns.
thanks Kathy! Xoxo
Watching hardcore pawn. This shits hilarious.
I feel good too!!
Protected tweets.
great day and even better celebration!!!
me too!!
i thought u or rick would use 1 of the many awesome paintings y'all have for the album cover. Still looks good!
i really was going to put then background .. but then you just changed yours .
Team Aries...all the da way
Join us for tonight's entree special: a Seared Hawaiian Mahi Mahi with Anson Mills Grits, Roasted Cherry Tomatoes & Sweet Corn Vinaigrette!
Temple Run.
Mixing the FINAL song.
what's your favorite guitar you're playing these days?
Wow Congrats on the promotion (which it sounds like u've received) good luck! SF will miss u. Glad 2 hear u'll still b on N.N.
Usability lab, hour 6. home stretch.
RT : Suck on that, Kochs, Kasich, Walker, Christie, Scott. We're coming for you.
Sour plums 
And the legend continues... tonight at 7
"Transparency." A key term that keeps popping up in all the discussions.
True You Been Over Around The 3rd
Getting started on transcribing Bill Stewart on "Wee" from EnRoute with Scofield!
There are things you choose to believe, and beliefs that choose you. -Donald Miller
An extra special #ff to , who sent me a Tortoise 7" this week!
RT : RT : Tonight at Santa Ana Star Center #RioRancho #NM Is Gonna Be Puttin On a Show .. Ya'll Ready !!
man overboard makes everything better
Fresh Mozzarella: The Good Stuff
Tsukiji market stall...it really, really doesn't get any fresher than that. Enjoy Tokyo!
#FirstWorldProblems ;))) RT : It's pretty grim here in my office by the beach.....
I have NO patience
oh this is a weight LOSS challenge? I assumed it was weight gain. We're doomed.
I really hate when famous people don't take the time to reply back to their fans .
The nerve of some people!! I'm so glad I have a daddy that sticks up for me!:)
That's awesome! You working there, know someone that works there?
House is So sexy!
incredibly kewl photo shoot yesterday - we appreciate the everyone's participation ...
Look Amazing! *SPECIALS TODAY* Buy 3 Instant Tans for $49.99! Buy a 5-pack of 60 tans and get 3 more tans FREE! Bottles of Lotion on SALE!!!
Hi Larry, great to see you r now w/ Anue. Congrats & good luck! Seems like cool tech. Looking forward to hearing more!
Senate is in recess and will hold pro forma sessions until Oct. 3.
Good time to go to the restroom or get something to drink.
RT "You can do it if you believe you can!" - Napoleon Hill
Dear friends, has a problem with all things sparkly. Please let her know how wrong she is.
put that in your montage. Boo-yah!
Let's get it started!
acoustic covers of songs by A Perfect Circle. that's how we play and we like sharing. not to many kids can play nice but we try real hard.
Congrats to the new Tachi Palace Fights Bantamweight Champion, Ian Loveland!
Real tough loss tonight but that is why it's best of 3. Win we continue to Final 5.
RT : How was being super hillarious in world history! omg lol
Chicago: Today's the day. Join Wicker Park Crossroads tonight 7:30-9:30 for a shopping party - raffles, refreshments, designer racks.
Finally after two weeks I get to see my baby today!!! I feel like a little kid on Christmas ☺😊😃😄😍😘
Pish posh with all this #LBL talk. How bout that Sidi commercial on the british feed! Huh? Anyone? Ok....
#AskIL13 How will candidates protect a women's right to have an abortion as prescribed by Roe v. Wade?
Let's go Steelers!!!!
Brilliant. Could be sold along with wax-scented candles and water-flavored sports water.
is my new favorite person to follow
Quote review re: #TheAvengers: Loki: “It is the unspoken truth of humanity that you crave subjugation.” We do, Master, we do.
Is there such a thing as a redeye flight that doesn't completely ruin the following day? I'm a useless dipshit today.
hey sexy
I have talked about being bipolar on here-read my TI.
we're looking to wrap our current album "left" up ASAP and get the new material churning for another album this year.
Ha, I found it odd that you sent them an open tweet request for a call! No harm meant, hope they called you back.
making moves like I'm playing chess**>>what you've been up to?
Just finished up Shaun T's Ab Sculpt Hip Hop Abs workout. Loving this program, great music & I love dancing!
Off to my defense.
How you gon become a knicks fan just because they playing the Heat.......bitch nigga move
Damn old man almost fucked himself up getting on the train. He on here looking like a banana lmao
Went shooting today. Shotgun. Loads of fun! Want to do more!
It was an unfortunate misfire for Paul Rudd, par for the course for Aniston.
Hey everybody it's me Mason guest tweeting again. We have a bunch of teams bur no pics yet. Tweet me your favorite team pics
Almost crashed my car. RT I want to be the first president with a cat or maybe just fall in love before I die.
recycling all my old notes and junk >>>>>
lmaoo yes . It's jut starring at me .
Cool, I just discovered git checkout --theirs and --ours for fixing merge conflicts.
Off to Idaho!
I guess nobody really has a full album they enjoy....
DRIVE. Whoa. Yes.
I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home. - Robert Orben
Patrick I never said that. I thought it, but never said it...I swear.
Donkey raping shit eater.
Readyy to go
Lame ass broads only talk about relationships, fashion and partying.
I could browse in The Careful Peach for hours...they sell beautiful tableware, soaps, table linens & jewelry... m.kupoz.com/carefulpeach
If and are both in town for my birthday that will be the end of me. Death by happy.
#kids Frog Prince at The Art Centre Theatre, Fri, May 11 5:00p: Come be a part of the audience for this wonderful production. Join us on...
upset that everyone is using purple ribbons for Sheridan's death..those are epilepsy awareness ribbons. NOT car wreck ribbons.
Jonas Brothers >>>>>>
aww, thx. It was a great experience. My #pln has inspired me to try so many new things in my classroom, twitter being 1!
do ya wanna follow meh?
They just killed a baby on Game of Thrones!! Wtf?
hi joe.
It's time for hunting !!
First time watching
The Milwaukee Auto Show is in town. Tell us your favorite St. Pat's Parade memory for a chance to receive 2 free tickets!
ug, better u than me! ;) good luck! Xo
Get at me my football fans
Ok im a chill out been mixing stuff since yesterday.
The Dirty Heat woke up a sleeping Green Beast Within & Green Blood is now boiling up. #ThugWade shall get his.Follow u me
honey dip day. makes me smile
Is anyone planning to go to the National Black Genealogy Summit in Fort Wayne next month?
There is just so much to see at this year's #NRAShow!!! We hope everyone is having such a great time! Stop by our booth #4660!
i jusss got 50 followers , . . if you want him to promote you FOLLOW me , . and he will promote you to his 39,000 followers!!! <<<<<<<<<<<<<
Empress Menen mother of creation!!!!
Tonight is gonna be way too nerve-racking... Bruins better fucking get out of this series on a high note.
" I hate you " is a strong word..
add bitches
I HATE driving in south omaha. Craziest drivers ever.
RT : Does everyone automatically become a hippie when they enter the gates at Coachella? If you wore a suit would your head ...
Correction: sooner or later, UConn and BC will meet again IN THE COURTROOM
#NP Can't touch this!!
Launching Starting Point Church Apex Sunday February 26.... Come out and be a part of this awesome day in our church!
you're the jerk!
Please, please promise me that you will make the new American Fact Finder better before you switch from the old? It is awful
This oar song has been on Pandora like 837 times. Starting to think its telling me something.
no lo digas :(
One class at nine then no more classes for the rest of the day
But the true template loading happens in template-loader.php. Those functions use locate_template() on line 1076 of theme.php.
(: so how old are you?
Beautiful day in SF and I'm stuck inside doing online traffic school... Pretty much the last thing I want to be doing with my day grrrr
Thanks for the inclusion in the #Genealogy Review.
GM Eric!
thank you sir check out our music www.wesofreshrecords.com and follow &
I'm chillin bro! What's up?
Attended the richmond Rock convention that was the head and the heart show
so you were blind and deaf and you shook your hips becouse 3oh!3 told you to? sweet pork and jelly beans!
i saw her saying it in mind while bread crumbs fell out of her mouth.
Milwaukee should rename a street after Uecker.
#PandoraJam He Can't Love U
get in my pants, I turned him down & he got me back by dating my sister..
Dear Santa: I would like a facemask for Christmas please. Like the ski kind. I can't feel my face and I think my nose just fell off.
Shit I am a fucked up redneck
nice baseball win. Vargas, defense, 2 clutch hits.
#FavoriteTVShowsAsAKid Dragon tales, Winne the pooh, Scooby doo, bananas in pajamas, Blue's Clues,Sabrina, the Teenage Witch
Work hard, play hard. That's my motto. What will you be playing this weekend? I'm heading to the MN state fair.
If I have to talk to one more uneducated person at this J O B.....I think I going to lose it
My two favorite #Oscar performances this year that you probably didn't see: Christopher Plummer in Beginners and Nolte in Warrior.
Good Morning!! ;-)
Who do you want to win for Best Picture at the #Oscars this year?
Aw baby Al is so adorable!
Obviously, done on a smaller scale, with fewer books. But if it works for Indie Record Store Day, why not for books?
New avi what y'all think
Thanks for following, ! Be sure to check out for all of your marketing, advertising, pr & graphic design needs!
“: Espindola is a classless hack.. I hope the Frenchman gives him a lesson. #SportingKC”. THIS!!
PS- what generation?
Seems incomplete without some audio of the nonhuman. I'd like to hear the sound of 200mph wind blowing into a mic for 15 mins.
Nice warm day! Enjoy it!
School . Home . Sleep
The Uni just arrived Boston where the guys at MIT will look it over tomorrow, and keep working on details to prepare for next outing.
Steely Dan is amazing but Steeleye Span is something else... check it out :)
sht same ole sht I been doing
Many new websites currently in development and more starting every week.
Thanks for the retweet!
Do not compute the totality of your poultry population until all the manifestations of incubation have been entirely completed.
cm punk meet and greet and bryant and strattin college downtown now
EWWW, the creeper on #personofinterest thinks that's love? That's crazy talk!
RT : Florida announces that sophomore LB Graham Stewart will transfer and leave the
You're killin' me here. -___-
okay that's trueth
In the car on my way to school
#IAdmit lately i ben slackin on my craft on my art to make ppl laff!
Great job tonight!! RT : gets nice applause.
To the hoop , strong everytime. Take it to the basket men.....good things happen
Couch tour begins now!!!
O.o u live there?
ProSight Specialty Underwriters Ltd. Announces the Appointment of Ciaran O&#39;Donnell as Finance Director
Hi right back at you! Hope all is well back in NY!
Why do people continue to compare to Newton? Not same type of player.
Im sorry <3
totally, right!! Good town brother
your webinar is on December 15th? That was last Thursday.
okay, wth is wrong with people, keep saying what you want, idc!
#21 favorite word? Kamryn and Nick[:
Do you have any scheduled combined auds for #Fringe2012?
i love your forty saucy snaps
How is it that the rest of Walker is an ice cave while the library is a furnace?
Ur a cutie I LOVE UR USTREAMS! Cant wait till the next one!
2 60Ds for the price of 1 7D... with the loss of slightly more accurate WB & ISO settings. :P
Let's go
No food show in chicago! My work filled memorial day weekend just opened up! Hooray Beer!
Yea right now $40 lets go
“One way to remember who you are is to remember who your heroes are." -Walter Isaacson
Ha ha! As long as everyone is having fun, I'll be happy!
Flat tire adventure time!
The Hobbit inevitably makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're creating that into a movie too.
This game is way too close for comfort right now! C'mon, #GOPACKGO!!
#3WordsForYou You invoke vomiting.
July 21, 1998 — The Raccoon Sewer manager complains about his night job, which prohibits him from drinking alcohol.
It's been on my bucket list for 10 years, I'm not vegetarian anymore, but I finally made it to the Moosewood Restaurant in Ithaca.
It's easier to say too! RT : I prefer the term "Schönfinkelize" over "Curry" for JavaScript transformations.
Oh, this commercial has been very nice to me:) Thanks Val! :)
Warped Tour!! San Antonio Texas!!
Great minds think alike LOL
#IWishYouKnew How happy it makes me when I get to call you mine
Tomorrow Night 8pm: Avengers vs X-Men 1 release party! Come for the variant covers, posters, and buttons. Stay for the cake
"leave me alone!!!' *leaving* "wait!!! where are you going!?"
I actually really like this idea.
Happy Birthday !
life goes on . . So light another blunt and watch the time go by :)
RT “: When someone you thought was a good friend, deletes you on Facebook FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU”
It is kinda funny when you are at a store and they ask you "are you finding everything okay?" and when you say "hi... actually no, I ne ...
RT : following now!! RT : I am working to follow all of you lovely ladies! :) TREH
Is only 1 hour away!!!!! Were breathing the same air!!!! :D
My health insurance premiums went up another 2% this year. Blargh.
I sometimes wonder how people don't realize how obnoxious they are when talking on their bluetooth headsets.
Just remember who was there for you ..
You have a network, though, and maybe somebody knows an IP lawyer willing to help.
you'll get the hang of it... It's easy.
here is another spoiler alert. "man unfollowed and blocked on twitter for insensitivity and poor taste in humor"
Harry Potter marathon and Chinese food? Perfect combination.
Did you hear the story about the razorback hog? It's pretty dull.
Took kids to Florida State Fair (for the kids) Never seen so many obese people in my life. Walking heart attacks. So thankful 4
For those who like to have a transcription of their videos/webinars, please make a quick grammar check. You look dumb if you don't.
its not fun:/ it really sucks :(
Im in #NorthDalLas it didn't get bad at all
Tomorrow is the last day anyone at fountain fort carson will see me aha :)
my two fingers got hit with a softball. and hurt really bad. and got hit in a couple other places :p
getting ready for my interview today! wish a nigga luck!
Promo is 4 da females only"Sexy 4" running till 4/3. Book a(room for 4) and price is $564 all inclusive! Single Ladies can't pass on this!
Experience is how life catches up with us and teaches us to love and forgive each other.
The blood is horrible ...
I haven't seen you in years!!
haha well you've got a week or two to figure it out :)
My daughter Kelsey's 4th grade class is studying the food pyramid. Now if we can get the kids AND PARENTS to follow it.
May Detroit Startup Drinks on the 19th at D'mongo's. 6-8pm. Host by No agenda No speakers.
that was not the football gods. That was Tebow himself reaching thru the cosmos to tell you to STFU.
Character matters; leadership descends from character
could be time for peace too. Word
You here?
You are more fun to watch than HBO.
TOMORROW FOR ME!!!! RT World, you will be changed in about an hour when I pickup my iphone.
just ask about working during vacation!
“: Some girls are tan and others look like they went swimming into a pool of Doritos.” describes you perfectly
I sure care about the content being educational. I think it's about quality not quantity
I Do Not Give Up!
I see you found Eric! lol!!
Other than casting Patrick Wilson, that movie made zero good decisions regarding Laurie/Dan
Orthopedic doctor hello, my legs and ankles are severly messed up...welcome to my problem.
RT : Interesting idea - New trees planted in Washington DC neighborhoods can be adopted by residents via unique QR codes...
Sorry, that was me. RT What is the delicious spring like smell near the river #ABQ ? I love it.
I'm ready for character dress-up day. Lol
thanks for the love and support
I cant wait to see you fight again! I hope its soon!
owns InspireMedia and they have web form building capabilities. If you still need one, I suggest you two connect.
we will get him a pic tomorrow for sure!
everybody's at mother's day brunch!lol
he's definitely a loun :p hahahaha
Making flashcards just cuz I like writing in cursive now hehe.
Welcome to the left coast :)
I'm going to get a sword and name it "Kindness" so I can kill haters with kindness. #EasySolution :)
If n e 1 need their hair done call me or text me b4 friday n I'll let u knw d price 4 ur style n e time this week after 1pm
Just had an awesome creative development conversation with my writer for Episodes 5 & 6 of my web series, "Temporarily Mary".
The are in the playoffs!!! Woohoo!!!! Let's get that 3 seed boys!
Cop was cleared in any wrong doing for the murder of JR black what else should we have expected.??????
Cee Lo is in gold tonight! c:
Hate to get up early? Wear your workout clothes to bed and get your sweat on as soon as you wake up.
It is advisable to ask their requirements as far as selling a junk car
So sad to hear about departure from ! Simply, an unparalleled man. Looking forward to your new project!
if u guys ever come back 2 houston IaMmE should teach at my school! We have dance club! We love IaMmE! :)
I can't believe Sori did something good.
#OWIF: We're adrift on the Mississippi River, the fishmonger is still passed out, and the GPS on my iPhone isn't working. Thanks,
I just recently set my Tweets to private again because I get all these strange people I don't know following me.
I'm losing him a day at a time. I need a hug... #ForeverAlone #
I feel sorrwful.
Web Performance Load Tester PRO™ 5.0 Generates Unlimited Virtual Users
Located in The Auto Collection is Jimmy Velvet & Elvis Presley’s 1977 Lincoln www.facebook.com/pages/The-Auto-Collections/115534588457016
Why aren't there any 24 hour pizza joints!
Wrong "shoe" !
I have a gold metal in the extreme sport of eating naan and lentils in the car without spilling.
If you don't sing along with Lee Greenwood, you should be deported
Please!! We're swamped, Walters is crushing it! RT : need me back?
Our best play -- the punt! Cal muffs it and Horns pick it up inside the Cal 20. Cue the fight song.
Great to meet you and so happy to have you as a new member! See you at the next event!
Two Door Cinema Club will be at Free Press Houston on June 3rd and 2nd
I feel like cryin right now!
I will!
Day 1 of #KaseyaUC in Vegas complete. Pool party tonight.
Don't miss 's Taste of the Holiday event tomorrow 12/6, all GSE students are invited! Free food from all over the world.
does she want your job?
Ha now that's impressive. Well, I'm sure several C's fans up here would have zero issues with that.
no way - just an asshole in general!!!!
After filling your day, going from shop to shop, fill up your tummy, with some delicious Wingstop. Have some brought right to your...
Not getting Shanahan is blessing in disguise.
Thanks for the mention and welcome to you as well.
Did you notice in the headliner pics of the celebs; hardly any of color? What's up with that, I thought GLAAD was cool? :-P
look forward to it!
I think I'm you're first! may many more follow!
TGIF Reshapers-Plan for success this weekend! How are you keeping healthy?
The a team<3
Pep Rally today...soda chugging and "Chubby Bunny" contests were quite entertaining to say the least.
Girl, yeah! That's what happens when ur born in Miami. He sounded heartbroken just now. Lol
Yes agreed, establishing good relationships seems to be the key to creating a good foundation for success
Hitler and Napolean both only had one testicle. Have a great day :)
no cake for you.
Good luck!
good god! so violent!
Someone: *singing* its a small world after all, it's a sma- Me: I WILL FUCKING RIP YOUR EARS OF IF YOU DON'T SHUT THE HELL UP!
“: I was sick Bro smut bitch broke my heart lol” that's how it be bro
Ops! Forgot to include the date. That's Friday, April 15th. Come get an art inspired martini!
IF U ARE A DUDE THATS NOT IN HIS CHILD LIFE ITS NEVER TO LATE TO START.....
Did u ever notice that most pics of Adam & Eve show them with belly buttons?? Haha
Preciate that bro
Magic of home renovation: I scribble a large number and signature on a 6x2" sheet of paper, and in 30 days a new kitchen appears.
can you tweet me please, I'm no one famous or important. just a girl who loves the hell out of you! wld make my year
And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom. ~Anais Nin
I know I know it's the worst
we can work on a price that works for you. What's your email. You can DM it to me and we can figure something out.
well ull never stand alone with us mahomies x love u austin please RT this and follow mee if u did my life would be amazing xx
How'd everyone enjoy Cravings on Clark last night?!
Hi Donna! You're on twitter! Do you know if my Sarnia cousins are too?
#AmericanIdol is a constant reminder to never underestimate the number of crazy people that roam this planet.
#Romance tip of the week: On a clear night, lay down a blanket somewhere outside and stare at the stars together.
. Obvious but hadn't seen framed: if NF & BF are top 2, Krvaric &Co are shut out of general, & can't really endorse NF.
lol of course.
Followers in #Milwaukee w/ the Wiz patch <<<<<
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow????????
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.
One cool thing when writing a book is that when you are done with a character he can simply died :D
Netflix Subscription - $8.00 Dr.Pepper - $1.79 Blanket - $15.00 Staying up, watching movies && hearing Matthew and Toupoc snore. Priceless.
Damn do ppl just tweet n tweet n bullshit all damn day.. fuck.. go do something wit ur self, enjoy life
En route to Austin for Keller Williams Franchise Systems Orientation... Who is there to connect?
I hope to live to hear that good communication corrects bad manners. ~ Benjamin Banneker
Applications for the Miracle Board Executive Committee are due FRIDAY! For more information, email or .
It's official. I'm on the hook till 2042. This whole home buying thing is worth the payoff of signing the papers & getting the keys!!!
Welcome to Portland Nolan Smith and Raymond Felton.
Wouldn't be a EuroCocktail/EuroConnect without Greg Cash; glad to see your name posted on the registration, my dear.
Fickle little things, aren't they?
happiness (title may not be considered accurate), life is beautiful ("")
HAPPY INTERNATIONAL JAZZ DAY!!!!! :)
Think my 7+ miles this morn should count as 42 because they were on a treadmill. Boring! Good luck to those hoofing it in #Boston!
"What are THEY thinking anyway?" a discussion series to promote civil discourse presents The League of Young Voters. Friday [6/10] at noon!
omg jonas brothers were mentioned on my tv sxdzcbhfdbcxfhyrde
Follow me on twitter:
Congratulations. You are going to do well.
idk why everyone gets so worked up about someone flopping, it's a really smart thing to do, I love doing it... Lebron did it well
Got to play rock star at Monday Recital Hour. Told the 400 u-grads that they don't have to stand in line anymore to register. Crwd went wild
I might tho for real...
I am pretty sure that is the same one. They open everyday and close at night.
glad to know my value! :) $82
Dear I'm just a gal from WI lookin to do a duet with you :)
Dance is the most democratic of the fine arts. As with sports, there's an elite but also many zillions of amateurs who are just having fun.
Dodgers putting in work tho
panjot! I did
Would be a great event for DK to do........ Gain more awareness and it could incorporate anyone to come help
Green Red Green Red Green Red... Coffee... Done!
Men marry women with the hope they will never change. Women marry men with the hope they will change. Invariably they are both disappointed.
Yup! Let us know when you're in #LA again! :)
Hamilton is a monster.
#Its2012WhyYouStill rocking airbrushed t shirts and scrolling belt buckles.
If I don't sleep soon I'm gonna snap
Are you a comedian?
Hahaha oh based god. The fabric from which your cut? Not again, oh shit.
Please tell me there are still #nickcave tickets for tonight!? I'll mask it up at #ilovesam and be in the first 50 if I have to
That picture in your casino post really depresses me. These people are being taken for a ride.
Looking forward to having you in, let us know what you think.
I don't know about "owning" but at least I didn't trip!
I'm suddenly feeling... very tired... i don't think this will be a good weekend...
I run to stay healthy, and because after fifteen years, it's a part of my life, I love it!
ya welcome!
Translation and localization is $30 billion biz.
HOLY CRAP JUST REALIZED THAT WAS LISABETH SALANDER FROM GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO
Last 3 wkd nothins on tv. Best thing on when I'm watching: jerseylicious. Horrid. more horrid; evry time it's the same episode. Wtf.
Haste makes waste
I've been walking on concrete so much that my shoe heel fell apart today and I still have hours to go, hours to go.....
You could bring an extra pair to PLN this weekend.... :)
You should let me love you.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 281
Serious collective sympathy for fellow western folklorists afflicted with jet lag & up in time for the conveners' breakfast - 3:00 am
that image is too cute!
Team sleepover with the palatine tourny champs
Congrats to TY Hilton
Why Ice Cream of course, we serve some of the best Ice Cream in Old Sac. Everyone should come get some.
11 & a half
Yay can't wait for you guys to open!
“: I mean it this time, you guys. I have serious concerns about Coupon Suzy. We have to get her help.” she's a hot mess
iPhone app downloads in U.S. iTunes App Store fall of 30 percent in March
is reading Psychology Today
terrific opening night. These women are awesome. Thx u
“: The Red River Rivalry (OU/UT) is the hottest ticket of the season. Avg price paid? $453. Mich-ND was $408.”
WWUUUUSSSSSUUUPPPPPPP tweeters?! right now,
#aftc12 Reeds Law and social learning and structures...need to investigate
Lovely to see you at our #F13 #fashionmassacre event last night! Thanks for coming out!
hey evanna just wanted to let you know the hard work will pay off Honest!! Im 15 and learned that.
What it do!!
So jealous got to go to Donut King this morning while I'm stick in a freezing room all day.
Just watched the #spaceshuttle land live via Ustream - hooray for the internet.
RT : IT'S TIME FOR SOME GIVEAWAYS! If you have something giveaway-worthy email me with your offer
on startups: startups are "searching" for something while companies "execute."
nothing beats the red couch, boys.
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
My People Smoking on a Pack of Noise Complaint
Rip emma eklund when I herd about that shit a nigga froze
Prof: "Anyone seen GCB? It stands for Good Christian Bitches. You've all met some." Lol, truth.
There are so many fake Josh Hutcherson and Jennifer Lawrence Instagram accounts. I'd be surprised if they actually even had one.
A Very Happy Thanksgiving to You too, Neha Ji! Have lots of Fun! Loved Your work in Raat Gayi Baat Gayi, and PGRO! :)
I'd rather lose something great, than lose myself trying to keep it.
get it how u live it!!!
First Penn State now Syracuse? Every AD in the country is holding their breath that their school isn't next
I KNOW BUT I LOVE HIM TOO. its alright ill just go marry cenzo.
dm'ed back…again
Having a Lost Coast Tangerine Wheat at the Lobster Trap, Avalon Harbor on Catalina Island.
yeah I did lol.
Who got the pack
feel like shit..my stomach hurts,my back hurts,my head hurts....I thing I have the stomach bug :(
Anne Frank house this am. Now in line (thankfully short) for Van Gogh museum.
what area of civil war history interests you the most (i know, too open of a question)...
Driving to Chernobyl 26 years later - National Post
A bitting (or: bit of key) is the part of the key that actually engages the tumblers to activate the lock.
Adventure time!
I'm going to Constitution Hall this evening to provide background vocals for Stephen Spielberg's "Lincoln"!
": Lolol I have some friends would like u! RT : Born A Scunt, Die A Scunt....A Muda-Scunt" - U Know How I Stay loll
You're welcome :) XoX ♥ And thank you for the follow back :)
how is brian i have not heard from him in forever? I still hate fl
i wanna meet my cousin Ashley tisdale.
How can I tell if I play too much BF3? Are losing my job and neglecting personal hygiene clues or is that normal?
3 15-year-old Woodburn High students will be charged w/arson. Arrainment in moments
going to*
Leadership - He who has never learned to obey cannot be a good commander.
Really? I was just at a rare bookstore it would have been cool to check. Wow re: in one sitting!
.im FInally doing Laundry ..
dude i'm worried about a MARATHON. let's talk ultras when I can make it through a mary without hating my life.
“: After the Blazers game, my phone gets blown up by texts - all Felton related. The best text was one word: Feltdown!!!” classic!
I'm watching Tom Jones. Do you think EV will still be performing at 71 years old?
What I established after dinner w/ & :Should've been a Gen-Xer. And, I'm hiring a 3eb cover band for my 27th b-day.
Cool - good luck!
Endowed z
Cool, makes me want to go practice. Are you bringing a guitar to WWDC? There should be a jam, so many of us are musicians.
It can hurt to let go , but sometimes it hurts to stay ...
This is why I love you
Less polished overall (bad interface, no automatic bold/italic CSS hooks, lots of baseline variance), but fine & reliable once live.
hehe- I couldn't resist. #IheartAustin Hope you have a wonderful time at #DAAC and at the lovely
"When the solution is simple, God is answering." ~ Albert Einstein
bout to eat dese gummy worms and play 2k
my pleasure! enjoy 'em!
let me know my good man. We'll def chill
Done, and done!
We are! RT : Who's pumped for the #YPNChat!
see, we already on the right path..
Buying a ticket to China!!!
OMG that's super original and has never been done before!... But yes.
I Make Things Happen, #YouHaveTo .
Fantastico! I can't wait! But I can, and I will.
GO JEREMY!!! XD
where do you listen to it ? :( cant find it :( .
Early Birds for The EC4 -& we know there will be several landing ahead of the 5:30pm start because of Spring Fever- will get a special treat
Just be real & do your own thaaang.
Love the early Ride EPs, too. Love.
Sigh. Poor JVS.
RT : Rodgers previously said he'd drunk a vodka mixed w an energy drink which contained banned stimulant methylhexaneamine
Anyone out there need wine & cheese pairing advice? Check out in NYC. They also deliver (cheese not wine) !!!
I will be with the one I love, with unveiled face I will see Him. Then my soul will be satisfied,
[Random Question] What would your SUPERPOWER be?
"Imagination is more important than knowledge."
If you're really good at PR your "fan base" can be a "Nation" which can be a real good "revenue stream."
Why do we say we're head over heels when we're happy? Isn't that the way we normally are?
You ever cover GenY & the student debt crisis? We'd love to chat with you about it & our film
RT: “: Back pains. Cramps. Craving reeses. #FemalePains” +++ YES!! This is US :)
Rob Zombie
RT : Our new platform Workforce Skills for 21st Century Success prepares job seekers for today’s market – find out how at...
RT That man be
Check That. Back to nervous.
RT Food and beverage lead visitor spending at 25% followed by retail spending. Gr8 food and beverage here in wisc!
An all nighter thanks to the world's best coffee ever made...now every time I look at the word "Santorum" I think it says "scrotum"...
your not even my girl and i miss you like this
Tip for Business Owners : Notice when you have frequent or repeat customers; on the phone, via email, or in person, be aware of the number o
Realizing I'm out of weed<<<<
RT : Funny or serious? Help decide 4 my entry 2 #EukanubaPawsInMotion contest. Want 2 meet speaker
Yeeaaa! Happy tuesday too you too!!!
Wow, what a great Mother's Day experience!
I'll be slowing glancing at the TV! Let's get a win!
Anyone know if #Scrivener for Windows runs under Wine?
As of last night my iPhone 4S was "pending shipment". Better than backorder but doubting I will have it by the end of the week.
Working on the next Choc Pink event don't miss this one.!
#Palmbeach #Womens Int'l #Filmfestival getting great entries from around the world. Don't be left out, enter today at www.pbwiff.com
When your breath stinks so bad you stink up the entire car. Shut your fucking mouth.
delivery is different from dancing(performance) on stage. thats the type of shit you like. thats like saying soulja boy hot
because he doesnt love you...
I'm tired.. I wonder how this week is gonna go
For other mild Aspergers people.Please tell your partner to let you know bluntly when you are being emotionally unavailable so we are aware.
Todays gonna fly
I cant think of much I would rather be doing besides what you just described
birthday in one day
#IWannaBe asleep already!
I say the same ;)
I am way ahead of you getting her fired!
has some serious domestic abilities!! Thx for my first home cooked meal in months..Ladies he is single!!
All you need is love, love, Love is all you need
thanks for following me! Modeling is my passion! Facebook spruce the model click like to support my page! Thanks
I can relate to my Commander Shepard in 3 because I will probably also die after a ghost tricks me into doing something stupid.
Once new additions of MW3 become available to pre- order at the retailer you ordered at, you just ask them I believe.
I was joking with Marc last night about that - we don't have furniture to fill it all. It'll be empty for a while!
I didn't think of it that way, but it's so true. Def sad.
is waiting for the call for step up 3D
The Land of #Israel— is the only land to which #Jews are historically bound from our origin as a people!!
So beautiful...that's the Whitney I choose to remember...
stuck in Cali.
kaii.. Anything exciting happened at school..?
What if Malcolm was silent? What if Martin was violent?
as NLP(Stella,Siri) and medical semantics(medLEE) evolve, it hope it is applied to Mobile Medical/Patient Education
Did you know that you can order hardware online here: www.doitbest.com Over 60K items to choose from. Shipping to any of our stores is free!
new single "La La" is on power 96.5! So excited!!!
Just saw a rainbow...yay!
“: #Scorpio are people with foggy clouds over them so you cant see their true self.” so true. But I can still spot a
Most of what we call management consists of making it difficult for people to get their jobs done - Peter Drucker
MT : Appreciate the honesty of saying JaMarcus Russell was highest rated player on Ravens draft board in 9 yrs
Curious: who is your favorite writer, skill-wise?
Don't forget to bookmark this page - or add our Quote of the Day on your site or blog
Thanks for the RT! So appreciate it!
lol I figured as much. U heading back to NoNiggaVille tonight? Lol
Dear offense, pay attention to defense for tips on how to catch the ball
Thank you! Great to meet you-- hope you enjoyed my active, excited group of kids today! :)
I bet they taste fantastic.
Their justification was "bro! it's the first weekend back!"
this Thursday! Come out and have a $1 drink and a great date night! #Bartab!
also, Version 1.5 (1043.1) does not have a spinner while searching
I can't even try to go to sleep without getting you mad..
#FF offseason NFL inside info & analysis
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality
Best Jets Team Ever Tournament: Championship Game - The Jet Press
You're koch-sucking love of BIG OIL is the most irresponsible thing in the entire world. RETIRE & LEAVE NOW, please.
Wow a huge win for the grizzlies!!!!!
#40dollars can educate a child in
#WordsOfWisdom RT : Because you don't bring sand to ye beach
Courage is the springboard of achieving goals.
Los Angeles, Dallas/Ft Worth, and Raleigh-Durham snatch the top listener spots Monday on Rhythm & Jazz Radio with SA a close 4th!
Happy 420 To Those Who Dont Live It Everyday
Today MOCA Specials: Soups of the day are Lentil and Broccoli. Sugar Free Lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
I don't see how people eat turkey bacon.
Just had an interesting & humorous convo w/ an aspiring photog. "Very nice bokeh" sounded offensive to her until we explained what it was.
Why are guys so creepy?
RETWEET If you adore
Why does SportsCenter only show Colt McCoy's best highlights? He sucks, show his shitty plays!
- Thanks Meg! I hope your advisor liked them too.
Cowboys got better today when they released Newman.
If they think they can salvage it, then yes, that works, too. RT : can we give it to the Navajo and Apache?
yea they were made it home now watchin da game go BULLS
Rest of season - who has more upside as a back up QB - Leinert or Skelton (Had Schaub as my #1, now will be Hass)
doesn't sound like a Cubs fan when you actually win games
nomatter thick and in..were always gonna blend
I really don't want to go to school -_-.
Id rather not listen to how hot you think some girl is
even if your products were all marked down by 50% they are TOO EXPENSIVE!!!
Virtualizing OS X for the first time.... It'll be nice to be able to test installs without clobbering my system
awesome, you should text me then ;)
notice me someday? yes, no, maybe? i love you <33
true true
Carolyn Gelland-Frost speaks about her collection of poetry "Four-Alarm House" today at noon at the Local Author Series. Meeting Room 5.
Having jelly beans. drank a monster at lunch. love you kenny! your the best!
Josh Taylor says keeping an online search log will improve our skills, make better use of valuable search time.
Random chick just called me astud in my green shirt...sweet. #I'lltakeit
almost done watching Hulk from 2003. about to watch iron man 2. already watched thor today :D
Gotta say, I am at a loss for where the browns go right now
IDK whos on the radio right now but its kickin ass
I just laughed so hard because follows me now.
Tonite Bad Girls club Time who's going to win? Fight
I better not be lol RT : You not the only 1 RT I'm an observer, I watch everything,
We may be able to get you better analysis via our stats feature. If not, we'll work on it. Email us pls!
I hope this isn't spurred by spending your day in Madison WI...
I'll get in touch after next week to plan something
Tour Stop is interviewing Stone Sour, Hellyeah and Hail the Villain in a few days, send us your questions for the bands.
If your not weird then ur not GRAND.<3
Have a great workout.
haha just wait till we are available!
I'm in a white car. Are you on the phone?
thanks for the support!
A slew of Rogues had a great time awards nominee reception on Mon. Looking forward to Mar 19th ceremony
Had a good day with my mommy:)))
you'll find out whenever you have lil babies of your own... Lol
When life confronts you with nothing but headwinds, keep on sailing….zig zag if you have to. Be Encouraged! Have a bless week! Pas
just because everyone sleeps with you doesn't mean you're hot or sexy..it means your EASY.
haha i can tell! i'm not really a huge fan of his, so we'll see what happens with the rest of the season.
Jesus christ Lebron. What the fuck are you doin?
Don't drink the Kool Aid - educate and think for yourself
Thanks for sharing!
Very out of context quote by C. James- "So I need to tell that to *all* the girls I slept with who had an abortion?"
Is it 1978?
Needs a stress ball right about now, or a punching bag with your fucking face on it!
Sounds like a perfect night to us! Enjoy!
Just a moment ago I got done writing another Short Story. called ''The Northren Lake Shore'' Mainly about my home and where I came from.
As I start to judge the man who just ate four donuts at Dunkin Donuts, I realize I'm eating a hungover breakfast sandwich at 4 p.m. Oof.
Tay!!! What are you doing?!
like they need a lesson in that? They know better than I do!
At a rooftop shindig. The view of the Mississippi river is so peaceful I could sit here all day. Should I move downtown? :-)
Thunder smacking the lakers around
follow me plz i had a bad day u would make me better if u followed me
only if we can do a spoof of Troy about your Achilles tendon. #badpun hahaha you got it, Don Cornfatherone
need a someoone for a video shoot ill be in atl the 9th -16th of april
wait we are singing o.O I thought we were just watching
Please follow and let her know that i sent yu!!! thanks so muchchhhh
fuck em win or lose the nuggets showed they aint fuckin around
RT : Today! RT : Looking for work? Job fair 10 am-2 pm, Commons at Green Bay. 50+ employers expected.
you rock! Have the best day
i wish i knew. Im going w/ #neaspring. Do or know?
Damn how long dose it take to drive here...
lol it won't be the same without the disco van!
That awkward moment when, notices none of your tweets. & all you do is tweet him... D:
#f1 congrats to Red Bull Racing and Renualt on Constructors Championship. Crazy to not impose team orders for Webber, but like no team favs
tell him that yall are a bunch of dancing justin biebers. And if u could be back up dancers for him(:
If only my mom hadn't taken me to my first protest over 20 years ago. I could just be a sheeple and drink my latte like a compliant citizen.
We trying to hit 1000 followers people!!! Where are all of my #carnival people? Follow for #MIAMICARNIVAL2k11 updates!
Love u back. Love matters most; is only central ? worth answering in this life. RT : ...
Hi, test data shows we’re using 20% more CPU to perform 250K more IOPs, outperform Q by 50%, CPU effic. 33% better in result
Phillies can win WorldSeries.If it rains for the next 4 nights,then CliffLee starts Game 6,rain 4 more nights, Lee starts game 7.
You guys are in the movie playing at El Rio
I say go lightest to darkest. “: FKNA. So much bad ass beer tap'd. Where to begin?! summer ale is a good starter!
Justin Thomas is the worst relief pitcher in the MLB.
that's awesome, I look so focused
I love You<33
haha will do
#IamAStanBecause Eminem showed us you don't need remorse
Nice little AM shaker/earthquake in Anchorage this morning.....shake rattle and roll..
THERE'S ONLY 1 THING PEOPLE LIKE THAT'S GOOD FOR THEM; GOOD NIGHT'S SLEEP. Property Owners please visit your Insurance Agent about coverage.
history in the making!
I need to move out
Happy March 1st!!! Drink Special: MINTY MOCHA (white mocha + green mint!!)
Did you ever have a chance to meet his dad, Jerry? He was quite the character.
You beat me to it!
I'll be watching sweetie! Go Giants!
Drawing up the craigslist ad for my roommate search. This should be an adventure.
B-Dubs with this place is a
Why are some PARENTS acting like children? Like, in a bad way ...
we're like a hyphen and minus we look the same but we're diff'rent cuz you just make words connect but I'll subtract you this instant
College football is a sport that bears the same relation to education that bullfighting does to agriculture.
haha yeaah sorry about that...nothing I can do there!
damnn im already tired.
Really? I've never seen it, good call.
You kinda get used to people calling you 'A-HA' or 'AD-JA' or 'A-JUH' but whatever.
Shows only $15. Get to jax beach. Seven super rad bands left. Please come hang!
Looking to book you wedding!
I enjoy this very much! Hehe :)
sweet where are u going for a vacat at homie
Thanks for the FF-o-sity!
-Don't say I love you nd you dont mean it; Because then there is no real reason/worth to waste your breathe on lies
That's not unique to Jews. Many evangelical Christians believe all non-Evangelicals to be hell-bound (Jews, Catholics, Lutherans, etc)
the only way to live bro! Gotta set goals and push push push until you hit them!
Help: Need Valentine drivers now($8/bqt) to all NW towns. Come to : 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
get better. <3
Raising Champions Dinner - at Multnomah Athletic Club in Portland. Martell Webster meet and greet. Silent auction items. 503-418-4166
Twitterfon may very well be the worst app ever. Easier to just use Safari and gestures to navigate.
I love Mario and donkey Kong!!!!
Ahh, yes, a vacuum must be filled.
#dshunt please follow me i love you and im in tears please look yfrog.com/kh0jepj
With just right touch of backspin, you can properly bounce it off the ground and back onto your head.
I just shed a tear so thought it was Saturday.....
#agile is the ability to roll out changes to your payment page, see an error in the logs, and fix it by the time they try and pay again.
ima not gone stay of the computer an go out wit my cuzin how bout that would tha work for u since u dnt want me on here or tinychat wtf
's voice is one of the most amazing things ever. my favourite :)
is my New Favorite Follower! #ShowMeTheMoney lol
My email address has changed since I bought Espresso 1. How do I get the Espresso 2 license sent to my new email?
winter is coming
I know :( I was at work&he called me. What happened do you know? I thought he already been to court?&I saw him today at school
Coffee, whiskey, sushi, and the residual inspiration of great conversations with friends from throughout the week... I'm ready to write...
read them. Notice how none of our tweets have anything to do with that and supposably WE start the drama, lololol
this crap. i am sick of it.
I am very humbled by how much God has blessed me with...from the biggest of things to the littlest of things.
Hope it turns out well! =)
follow and please :D x51
blue moon is pretty good...don't be sad about it :)
Definitely two of the tops year-in and year-out! Are you aware of our radio show that actually streams out of Ohio every Thurs?
That's right. GW is The Decider. Judges are merely deciders. It's really quite simple.
Testing, testing.
When does your patio open ? Best patio in #dc!
tonight's the third rehearsal for our workshop. also my first time running it by myself. going well so far. should do hw too. or not!
be honest, did you eat those 3 spam baos yourself?
I promise i'll get some soon! Just to make you happy.
Name for our English Brown Ale: "Big Brown," after our illustrious, old-as-dirt couch.
yup yup
Bahah ! My brother has a girlfriend. He asked her out by giving her a note that said "Will you date me?" ohh 5th graders...
s beard kills 99.1% of germs. The other .1% is submitted to cleaning and grooming his
congrats!! Was rooting for you guys and the
#TW5OnBILLBOARD OH MY SIVA'S CHEEKBONES!!! so proud of you guys!!!!
Hey, I'm home.
The fight between Texas Lawmakers and Planned Parenthood continues. Find out tonight at 9 how this affects you.
I can feel them crawling under my skin!
. thank you, dawg.
he es mi distant robot cousin ;)
or be like Homer Simpson. Tell them "there's always about a million people better than you"
It's funny because I think a lot of it is simply
takes longer to get ready than most girls do... #HurryUp!!
Depends on your slant. I'm not interested in any more flaming.
We're across the street from all the chains at the Crossing, support local!
You will fail.... exactly.RT : But if you don't adapt, you fail right?
It make wish strong, like ox!
Shopping in Paris would probably be king
as long as you are not using the word "rape" metaphorically, I approve. Go get that 1M stack!!
yea, but im pissed. im blaming bryan fox.
Wonder who the Fed is going to send out this morning waving the checkbook in front of the cameras?
~Don’t return Anger for Anger,Sarcasm for Sarcasm, & Hate for Hate. But LOVE as your are LOVED by God with Full Forgiveness, Mercy ,& Grace.
I love this weather..
The low RB attendance vs. Houston was embarrassing for MLS. The RB should be filling their arena with stars Henry and DeRo.
Back to lex!! Gorgeous night for a drive y'all 🎶🎶🎶
I will have to pick one up tomorrow. Dont think I have had this grape
Today was a good day! GN
Omg. Traffic is horrible!!
Party at Grasso's house Saturday night lol
only if you've picked up madd database programming skills!
Many thanks for RTs!
thepiratebay won't load :( my life is over..
Wow! It must be cold!
Yes, I saw that, so I do Not nor will I ever try to Bungee jump.
great to hear from you! Thanks for birthday shout out!
Thx 2 AISD middle & high school art teachers 4 making empty bowls yesterday & Michael Geer for the generous use of his art room & materials
lol naaaaa, I definitely didn't go to a party that day lmao
Well, at least Utah has Derrick Favors to look forward to next year
I WANT A PAID BOSS NIGGA!! I DON'T FUCK WITH THE HELP!
"Boy dese BROADS ah Trip"
When girls text you first >>>>><
getting my snowmobile running!
looks like it.
I just had a wonderful conversation with <3333333 love you
Props to all involved for putting the "c" back in weekly TV comedy!
I wish that I could have this moment for life-nah-id rather make more better than this one.
Remember, Scottsville Farmers Market is open tomorrow (Saturday 9/3) from 8:30 am to 12:30 pm. Get what's best, what's fresh & grown at...
Thanks to for battling runners and epic traffic to hang out with a bunch of actors on this beautiful day at
Hello Twitter :)
I am following and love your stuff!
Playing tonight at the Harlem Ave. Lounge with Pistol Pete!
Rob not again. Hes OK
also check your email (gmail & work) for that already talked about email.
Happy first day of spring everyone! Enjoy a beautiful day in South Florida!
Damn I'm so glad I left Alief. Some of these girls are stupid.
Guess I'm actually staying in on a Friday.. Uh tht never happens to me
I'm at ryans and teresas wedding
Teens, tomorrow's Coffee House has acoustic music from Jason Ferguson & a paper crafting demo. 7-11pm, 311 S. Madison. FREE!
so growing up, instead of saying u smell like outside, we said "undun smell lk Tony and Willie." We still say that to this day!
AZTECS! RT : Getting ready to head to the tilted kilt @ 10 am to watch the 11 am SD State game vs BYU...GO SDSU AZTECS WOOHOO
Happy Birthday!
says he concurs
My boyfriend just broke up with me over text! Awesome now I can go out tonight and look for my rebound :) TGIF
I dont really play sports, lol where do you live? lol
I am no baby ass girl!! And no I was no I was 10 minutes up the road from you in Denison.. Lol
I'm looking forward to helping with some blog surgery this morning. Hopefully everything will end well.
it made me hungry after too! Guess i need to make up tv shows that don't have food titles.
Wat the deal is.
Lovely price changes in our Hair services menu! Coming up in a few:) wait for it! wait for it!:D
actually it was probably a good thing you couldn't answer..
Great news! The test pressings have been dropped off at the RHR offices!
Set up new TV surround sound so I can hear the Dolphins pass on a QB from 10 different angles tonight. Will feel like I'm there. Hell I mean
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. Jim Rohn
Psst..just heard the Blellow API is in final testing & will be open to a few developers in the next few days...want in? Let us know!
Thanks, same to you!!
A new way to look at competing flights that looks like it has great potential.
He said it in an interview, you didn't know? lol
Seeing The Great Escape (1963) at Grauman's Egyptian.
oh happy birthday!
I know a few things about WordPress...it's a pretty amazing platform :)
aw! That's good!
goddamn the party is TONIGHT and i have NOT slept
Craving some #BEERSonBEERSonBEERS!
- showed my son this pic. He says "does that guy in the blue shirt make bad choices?" Bwahahahaha!
and she goes la la la la la shes got the look! :P
Shoutout for shoutout? Only if you have 500+ followers please.
This is so creepy and straight out of a Dilbert strip.
Practice looks light tonight.
Long lost goodbyes can bring with them hellos
Why is Mother's Day and Father's Day unequal in relevance?
Hey baby... Whaddya say we take a quick trip to the Caymens and visit my money?
Happy Mother's Day! Miss you so much Mom.
Going to see my friend Dan Schnelle perform at
Thankful for grandchildren...they bless my life in so many ways!...
Get to work
Over/under on terrible "Luck" puns in tomorrow's papers though?
L is for the liars that had surrounded me I insecurities my head down in these streets F my future there isn't 1 E eternal hope.
Great photo of 16th Probably an advantage for players like me. Aim for bunker, land somewhere nearby (on green!)
followed back xo
soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur, happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr purr purr <3
I was just thinking about how long we've known eachother. Holy shit, it's been close to 5 years, Kristine. Jesus christ.
Check out our free climate change awareness program any person can bring to a school.
my little cousins themselves are another form of birth control.
Thanks babe!
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield. Warren Buffett (1930 - ).
Oh so u are not ? Ok 😠 RT : lol u sure about tht
waiting to get up outta terre haute
Why am i in michigan?
first run after the #shamrockshuffle I just finished a 3.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Thank you, what would be in your opinion, the best translation?
Massage therapy has become a staple of many professional athletes' training regimens
yea... at this point i just tell people that hockey has 4 quarters.
Motion. Good one. Lick the stamp! Ha ha.
"I have found some kind of temporary sanity in this."
Please follow the new twitter account for Mislead: America's Secret Epidemic for posts about our progress on the film! Thank you! - Tamara
there's a photo going around Fb of their chicken... It comes out of a tube (guts eyes and all) is soaked in ammonia then dyed
Follow Me Please! Congratulations for yours songs are fantastics Like you♥ . Kiss:)
cleaning my room because I'm bored :)
Uh oh. Mine was in Mexico for 7 days, home for 3 and now in Scotland for 9. I'm dying. And mildly pathetic. But I'm ok with it
Loud as I've heard the RG in years right now.
Hanging at house...took a nice nap. :)
I sent my <3 to all my supporters<3
sorry my boss wanted me to go to the fb one! I wasn't blowing you off!
Thanks for the RT, and you know, if you ever want to sponsor a band... we're here for you! :)
me too!
I just replaced both headlight bulbs in my Mini Cooper-->all by myself. Got my hands real dirty but I saved at least $100! Pretty Sweet. :)
Exercise is one of the best activities to keep you young <3
I'm so in love with that our work shifts make it feel like an eternity apart! Counting down the mins til I see him again!
I hate awkward moments SO much. Like really...so so so much... -__-
Doing the TM on saturday too. What's ur run time starts? 09:30 here..
Protect her like a daughter, love her like a wife, and respect her like your mother.
My 1000th tweet goes to myself. Birfday let's go
RT Lulu's is almost open for a Mothers Day Breakfast 4 Dinner special! We're in the parkin lot of Lee's on Lake Mead 6-10pm!
duh im sure u dont have balls lmaoo
Collaborative Prototyping with ProtoShare Business Edition Now Available for ... - Seattle Post Intelligencer
Dear radio, play music not commercials!
Do you take reservations?
Went to sleep early last night but i wasn't really tired. It was purely recreational.
#HowCanYouExpect to be a boss, unless you started out entry level??
It's a super storm outside...
what was that task question xx
Oh hey, a hockey double header!!
I give up
Happy 4th of July everyone! Stay safe out there!
Nice fan cave pick CF!
I had a good night's sleep finally and want to wish everyone else one of those if you need it! Have a great day!!
oh yea, forgot about that.
Have a good night everybody!! #good vibes
seven billion seems like such a small number these days after seeing our national debt.
Still in the taxi line at airport. At least is here to make it bearable
Out with hailey, mack, and zach(:
Yes announcer, I KNOW the 19th St exit is closed at Dupont, & that my life has been all the more complicated b/c of it
Each truth you learn will be, for you, as new as if it had never been written.
God morning! I hope you all have that feeling that it's gonna be a great day like I do. Oh! Follow too (:
Hit the first traffic. Ironically behind the #bolt bus
So nice to meet on set yesterday. -Brit
"Because you are alive, everything is possible" - Thich Nhat Hanh
Ask me no questions, ill tell you no lies.
anytime a person starts with "uuuummmm what had happen was" nothing good is coming after that!! LOL
Thanks for the follow & shout out! :) RT Now following :)
#Amen RT : #Word RT Criticism is mediocrity's tribute to Genius.
I wanna see my Graduation Pictures !
Some random guy just added me on facebook. His name is John Smith. Yeah, that doesn't sound made- up at ALL .
still on mountain time.
Air force ppl are weird....
It can only be for one night the only thing I've ever loved in my life is the mic.
ya. I'm patiently waiting for and 's duet album to come. That shit.... will be epic
Open House yard signs popping up like dandelions around town. Have you seen one?
that awkward moment when you change your shirt in the car... and there was a guy parked next to you the whole time
we just total recalled a shot ...amd then had a heated conversation about last action hero being a legitimate movie
Struggles lead to sacrifice which is the hugging arms of gold.
Daedalus Books will be missed!
me too:P
my cuteness
Liars these days.
the kind of flawless i wish i could be.
Finally, so relieved to have my 2 hardest exams done today. Can't wait til Thursday to be completely done w/ this semester!!
lmao! i wasn't even talking about you, but hm, now that i think about it... lol, j/k j/k :P
A Smile Can Mean A Thousand Words, But It Can Also Hide A Thousand Problems.
you're cupcakes look great! Please check out our website www.roguecupcakes.com
"when I was a sprout" oh pop.
"Ebook Trends" - Presenting now in the Hilton Washington International Ballroom @
I just need a break. Hoping I get that tomorrow. I'm at the point where I'm willing to beg. Just give me one day without stress..
Thanks for the #FF! Wishing you a great weekend too!
hater move
girls have an unfair advantage over men : if they can’t get what they want by being smart , they can get it by being dumb <3
Were like twins! RT : im dirty, im lazy, and i dont wear pants.
These siege supplies were then conveyed to Yorktown, where General Cornwallis surrendered on October 19th.
Yes-walking through the park at Ave Mont Royal /Parc Mont Royal, MISS it! :)
You're the rockin' one, hot stuff! THANK YOU!!!!
RT Every class is a life-changer, so if you miss, you may miss the most transformative moment of your life. That is all.
how does this interact w/ 'public' schools?
I'd do ANYTHING to meet Austin. I need to meet him. But I have to be patient I guess. :P
RT : Patience:: ur time is comin! Dreams come a couple of sizes too big so we can grow into em
We continue to grow our library of green screen backgrounds for the mobile flipbook studio. What themes/scenes do you think we should add?
that is awesome
Just want to cry
Join us this Thursday, 3/17, for the talk on Civil Rights, Women's Rights, and Human Rights at Culbreth theatre from 6 to 7:15 p.m.!
Yeah, I go back a lot. I have a lot of family still there...
A northeaster may have dampened its box-office spirits this weekend, but “Avatar
Adobe Muse is InDesign for the web. My prayers were answered. Get the Beta version to try out.
I can't stand her
We are working hard to keep our customers up and running. Copiers are a way of life within business environments!
Did your security system screen them and send them directly to trash or "junk e-mail"?
It may be raining, but your loyalty cards are still gaining double points from 8-11 TONIGHT!! Git on down here for Cowlapalooza!! Giddy Up!
gotta pee.. lmboo
TOWN HELL Yeah I Rep The Brew/I'm the real beef in the STEW/These NIGGAS ACTIN soft but they think they real cool/But THEY AINT COOL
Social by the Numbers: Demographics Across Verticals j.mp/vcDfDW via
What's yummier on #TopChef Masters, the food or #CurtisStone?
Let's see how you feel when I 'don't mention' something to you...
RT BREAKING NEWS: Baltimore County Police make 4 arrests in the murder of a man outside #Towson Town Center. (cont…
Good morning world
Swing at the first pitch of the game - yes or no?
im w/ ya
Heey handsome how was your day !?(:<33
artomatic may18-june23 1000plus artist,music art ,1851 s, bell st Arligton Va,I HAVE 20 SOME PAINTING SHOW CALLED DC OVERLOAD ON SECOND FL b
Oh umm idk :O and 10 i think? Cause you need to have 7 sentences in passe composse
Stop messing wit my head u do this evryday 
Thought of u a billions times today and each time I caught myself smiling.
tks so much!!
nice! Yeah I've done the thrift store thing in the past, but I don't feel like hours of going thru old stuff. Good call on ebay!
yes my On Demand will keep any episode of NCIS that airs even if it is a repeat so like tuesdays will be there for 3 weeks.
Click the link on my last tweet and spread the word! Just launched last week! Picking the first group now!
Gas is too high for the highway
... now I'm gonna make you eat that shit
omg haha and I was supposed to be studying for my test but that didn't happen cuz Alex decided to get on..:p
You wear a mask for so long, you forget who you were beneath it.
That was the perfect description It’s new for us both, the driving, the fear, the letting go of control, tinyurl.com/3gbxzzf
good 2 see u 2. sent from my new ultrabook :-)
#STLCardinals opener in 7 hours @ Miami! Beating Josh Johnson in the opener will be a good way to start the season :)
Fuck you, Matt Harrison
follow me please or you can add me on skype....maybe not the skype but please follow me
good morning Tyler 💜 hope you have a good day (: love u
thank you! Remember pain can open the door to peace and compassion. For ourselves and especially for others. Rock on!
Thank you Eshani!
Happy Mother's Day to you, Cindy!
RT : Hubs went acrss the street in his T. Rtrns 10 min ltr aftr explaining BOAC to our bodega man. Was like telling...
Hot day in the Old town today!
hi cat :] omg i've been dying to say that
going to the movies. and out.. out .. out. for abit. hopefully it will not rain.. pelicans on the lake..
hope u feel better. Is Papa Legba out though?
your so ghetto that ur using a silly band as a hair tie...
A Sky High Victory: Oregon wins NCATA title | Sportswatch
yup. I love feet!! Lol
Live and learn!
would a UK data centre address all concerns?
fuck THE AVENGERS, fuck STAR WARS, this is now MCA DAY.
Wow I think that was the first time I really enjoyed #thePitch & they showed the winning spot. Is that a first?
Why let it pass?
Haircut! I look different, uh oh.
good point. very good. But we rarely see FDR in a wheelchair.
Fashion Geek today Shout out my nigga
I've never felt so bad and depressed on hearing about the death of someone I didn't personally know, like I do in the case of Whitney H...
Thought that was a good solution, hangin with the raisin girls
250 foster kids hunt for Easter Eggs Thurs April 5 @ 2pm at Clark County Govt Center Amphitheater (500 S. Grand Central Parkway)
oh geez. another plus is that no laptops were involved, in which case your keyboard would have meant your whole computer.
What was photographic memory called before photographs?
CSW is pretty easy. It's only 100 question, multiple choice exam. I read the binder once the weekend before and aced it.
The show must continue... Are you ready?!?
personal assistant or assistant engineer? or is it both?
Thank you for the RT! Hope to see you at the event.
Not sure if the cashier is flirting or just being nice. :|
It's snowing!
Don King has been bad for boxing. He's done some good things. he did a heckofajob promoing Ali but I could have promoted Ali. Dick Schaap
All of our placements are a full year. Those who choose the MBA follow NYC or London with a full-time semester in Bangkok.
Starting next week I only have 21 days left of my freshman year..never believed in time passing me by until now.
Annapolis represent... Prince George St alum, here.
dude this tweet just almost made me cry laughing..lmao..
“ straw built ass” lmao girl thats You! Come on son!
Just skipped to the front of the line for harry potter and has the most awesome seats
true, but these are supposed to be professionals and not let that stuff happen.
its actually so high though :$ :(
Just had the same conversation yesterday with colleague. Worried about my dependence on Google Analytics.
That's the only way I can imagine it working. 2001 was very realistic. #StarTrek's gravity deck-plates are just fantasy.
Colloquium this Friday: Ann Morning of NYU on "Conceptualizing Race: How We Think about Culture, Biology, and Human Difference"
wait, what? just saw a dior commercial with charlize theron featuring a song by the gossip. #doesnotcompute!
Shooting the past - bbc film. Nts
Up and getting ready for a fun family day!
Bout to go to this Blazer Game Section 5 court level. Yuckin! ...
Will the #Knicks make any deals tomorrow?
Wirh chloe, philip, and hannah!(:
of course! My new favorite - Flatt Limon - Flatt Cola and Bacardi Limon, tastes like sunshine...
Fort Apache and Tropicana. Mom says you'd love it! They have the cutest stuff, and their prices are pretty reasonable.
Tom thanks for the RT! I look forward to sharing and learning more.
Somehow, between wine night and now, I ended up with a man in my bed. Now he won't leave. Help!
the part where it keeps crashing :-)
nice! have you ever tried fundraising with the Entertainment Book?
Way to be KG!
Guess I'll be skipping lunch today. It's from NOM & FOF supporter Chik-Fil-A. Teacher Appreciation Lunch fail.
1.Today dropped my Iphone on the toilet= CATASTROPHIC
Look forward to meeting you IRL as well. I frequent events, among others.
Oh crap. I was wrong. Sorry! Didn't mean to give you a heart attack. I totally scheduled that tweet before I knew. Not gonna lie.
That awkward moment when Rihanna brings her umbrella and there's no rain.
Ok...last time we talked I had a broken wrist..and still do...ANOTHER HINT???
same just cooking dinner and shit
Hear, hear!
Pictures coming in a minute.
no idea
Lick me like the end lick me like it's the end of the cone!
the king of all photos ;)
11 more likes to page status and sale!
The singer for this salsa band looks like Boris Kodjoe. M...
They are putting your tweets on the NFL Network.
Join us at for our Official Opening Day Tailgate. We walk to the stadium area together at 2pm.
Chi closed 50% of community mental health centers. Destruction and privatization of public assets isn't news.
WTF #Fox and #NFL, why'd you rip us out of the end of the Tebow game?
Tweeters: Why do I have to see Justin Bieber's words when I don't follow him? people pay to get followed? hm...
What's the range of a tuba? About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
Super positive vibes today, lets make some music
i remember as a kid getting our hockey sticks and pucks at 'western auto'. these things were precious to us as we paid our own way.
u always had my attention.. You are an awesome girl and never change for someone....
haha yes! Ready to crush this final?
Sunny >>> Rainy
kljalkjglajgklajs lolol i just saw u put my song on here!!!!! Could it be U!!! Yeah!!!
if only life came with a ◄◄ REW ► PLAY ▌▌PAUSE █▌STOP ►► FF
Herman Melville~ We cannot live only for ourselves. A thousand fibres connect us with our fellow men.
no I mean crying when you get tatted lol of course it does more painful than a tatoo
Was just talking to someone about Zingerman's last night. :)
I don't know what the "fahck" someones deal is #donedonedone 😊
O's / Braves world series....lets go
love all the Campbell love! have to make a pit stop to u as well.
Neal dropping pants
Hurt and betrayed... Jets were ok but he was out to hurt the packers by playing against them with the vikings Purple = vomiting
Happy Friday! I hope it's a great day for everyone.
Ha! I was waiting for the first comment to show up on the Women and USIH post. thanks for reopening the wormy can! Let's not go t
That AWKWARD moment when most of my teachers & assistant principles tell me that im beautiful that most girls are jealous of me.
so far so good! We used a local TN company, I do not recommend them!
Good day Sun is shining an Lakers are playing :) think I'll wear my #24 jersey today
I don't want to do homework!
#np the weekend... sets me right
Also, on Fri, Sat & Sun only, we'll offer our "Red Hot Youpon"! 5 classes for $25! Come on in, or get them through the online store!
I've never seen such tenacity in all my life.
congrats on that man.
Driving around town jamming to with momma. Thats what im talkin about (:
Ryan Singer UI and UX both point to video 62 and have the same content? Maybe some caching issue?
Are your taxes done? Then treat yourself to a hibiscus facial to calm your stressed out skin. Only $75 in April!
that said, I'm definitely aware of the balance that needs to be struck. Notice no contractions in the speed test.
BJ Coleman: QB&#39;s Relationship with Brett Favre Should Excite Packers Fans
get to 500 followers ! ((: yess. GO &while you're at it ,go readd her
Thanks to summer artists for attending our marketing workshop on Sat! It's going to be an awesome summer!
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
Hey how have you been? Haven't talked to you in a while. I have a new job now. I start on the 21st!
I gotta wait for Sam to finish school so it wouldn't be until the end of June anyway. And yes PARTY!!!!!
Hah! Looks like fun. Thanks! “: prescription refill: ”
About damn time my phone lets me log in to twitter!
I know! Lol. The co co pop was divine. I tried it all of ur suggested ways.
Hate me
So I think I just kinda fell for your smile...great job tonight at Webster Hall!
It took America a less of mount of time to embrace homosexuality then African American
Another Yankee down.. Eric Chavez.. Yankees are running thin on the bench. Could it be time to call up Ramiro Pena?
doh! Sorry to hear that. Hope all goes perfect on Thurs for you both.
Os killing it
for indiana?
I hear ya Drew!! “: Cat-lanta her we come! Ready to pay back the Hoosiers and go after banner #8. #gr8ness #8pril #gobigblue”
“Good fiction is made of what is real, and reality is difficult to come by.” ~ Ralph Ellison
DrewScott Dope Producer!
Not nearly as fun to lay out on the beach when you forget your towel. Hello sandy crack.
hell yea i think dey gne beat kansas
still has to prove it, but read context, all he said was "I think I'm the best" 95 percent of players have same mindset.
Colin Ferrel is my future husband. He is so gorgeous!
I wonder how you can do a heart in your tweets
#TweetMeCody #FollowMeCody I would be the happiest girl in the world if this actually happened (: 143
After months of reading a chapter a night, my son and I finally finished the Narnia books. Kinda sad. Now we have to figure out what's next.
two different sets each week, $5 cover goes to the musicians. unday, june 21 will feature:
You can get a recycled yellow bike for $10. How badly do you want to pedal past the suckers in the bus stuck in traffic?
jennielle and I do a bit of back messaging during the chat to plan on the move!
Osama bin Laden is dead and General Motors is alive. Haters gonna hate!
I thought it was 4!
Fashion Star is really off to a good start. They just referred to H&M as a "juggernaut."
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 46
happy mothers day to me lmao 
Why is Jacoby Jones trending...? I didn't know he was so popular...
I'm following you now :)
. #EndingOurPrivacy with #CISPA? OK: I had cereal for breakfast this morning.
I know I will but I don't want to go back lol
That's all kinds of f'ed up
I hadn't walked there in a while
I love you dirty hoee! ;)
Just a few short hours are between me and making my Corona cupcakes!
Listening to today...chillin
My friends crack me up!! Especially when they're drunk
When I leave this world I want to have no regrets
Hey now I've eaten grilled and it was good <33
You're effing kidding me.
Hannah Montana movie makes me cry :( Awhhh
Of course, but in that case I'd rather buy two more of the old styles and spend the same about of money (and donate two pairs)
Again - WARPED Tuesday, if we can get 150 followers by then there will be a special promo code to get your order half off! Let's do this!
Follow So So Def CEO/Grammy Award Winning Songwriter & Producer Jermaine Dupri
me too! In fact, I'm the row behind you.
Heading out to lunch with , , and
oh word. it should available this spring. we will keep in contact forsure. you have a myspace or anything man??
Were I a savvy businesswoman, I would start a line of paper goods directed at churchgoers.
it all counts! Anything involving Torrey Pines is a rough workout!
Now following back & Thanx guys!!!!
we are here to care & share... see I have been reading my #socialmedia etiquette. I am learning :-)
Wed. Thurs & of course Sat.
Well, career, it's been fabulous, but at 11pm tonight, I will be a gazillionnaire thanks to winning the lottery. Otherwise,
thats so nasty
I think it was quite lucky compared to a flying knee.
I like to meet the ladies with them sexy voices, just to see if they match my imagination.
could it have been a fake FG?
The day has arrived, Lubbock has officially opened Panda Express
Excellent!! Can't wait to see you next week~
Ok so if you don't have the CF7 lic, then your only choice is It's not a technical problem so I can't help further.
It sounds like you have done your research. I'll just add that Tallulah is excellent. What drew you to bonobos?
On Clinton's hand: studium shouts, punctum wounds. Punctum is the spark of contingency. A little hole in the surface. Her hand is not this.
HA!!! Memory lane...
“At the end of every tunnel there is light but you can’t see the light until you go through the tunnel...” -HH King of Nepal
Chuck Taylor (Lexa Pros and Cons) is the boyquivalent of e. lockhart's Ruby Oliver. So of course I LURVE him. "You're pretty!"
you welcome 😉
I'm doing good. Trying to get back on Twitter. Been a Facebook girl lately lol
Thanks to my beautiful, savvy, goodhearted friends for making me laugh so much over margaritas yesterday! Life is good.
It would have to be a band I photographed. Maybe someday.
I honestly don't believe he cheated--honestly believe Herpes Meds triggered + test
A full-time teen programming job became available!
Cheer blogs >
I kind of wish I had a man who can cook me breakfast in the morning or have dinner ready for me when I get home....
J Roberts asks whether any part of your case is about racial profiling? US says it is not.
The Comcast saga has finally ended. Let's home it's at least another year and a half before I have to do that again.
See Klaggle at Tech Crawl East www.techcrawleast.com
Friends Follow back to get more followers
RT : Why wouldn't Peyton choose a place with no playoff wins, no receivers, a coach never coached and management no one trusts?
“: Believe it or not... Faith is the most important ingredient to success.”
He REALLY owes me after getting free rides from Lake Mary to Apopka and back now every day for the last 2 months!
...but I could possibly take time off with my swanky "no keeping score" vacation policy. And my apt welcomes scruffy boys.
I think he just needs a hug. His agent says it has a lot to do with personal issues, but they refuse to specify what that means
Not quite sure I am ready for The Lighter Side Of The News :-P
I don't even think I've ever heard it used. Til now.
I meet another Flint town native last week E-brezzy
Health 2.0 - where ppl who are interested in data and health topics come together #healthnerdfest yay!
If I had bonus features I would pawn the trophies.
RT : An incredibly gorgeous day! Enjoy Yours, every miraculous second! It's all Yours, What will You Do with It? Lori Moreno [:)]
If I know someone's fishing for compliments or trying to get attention, I absolutely refuse to give it to them.
I love when my job tells me im not friendly to people. Im not sorry I have mentally checked out of this place haha..
I gotchu boo.
#FF favorite sports writers con't (there's a lot)
I was just there in and out. Be back soon and would love to meet u!!
when comes on. voila'.. all better.
I'm just repeating what I've heard elsewhere...
aye i have a game tomorrow i have to be at 820ish so yeah..
If you use whiteout to erase people on facebook and twitter you might be a digital redneck.
Oh and the cd is a collector's item! There are only 300 in print and the packaging is ecofriendly! So cool! Thanks again to
Jaden Smith was lookin pretty cute .
Madbeast performing the Sav Killz album release in BK! More info to follow! Shout out to gonna be special guests!
Another fantastic playoff game. Even if the Niners didn't pull it off. Anyone else confused by the overtime rules?
This Saturday is the Official Rules to Being Single Book Release Party. Hosted by The Movement #FMA @ Sedona 9pm
Yes, an iPad with a Retina display IS every bit as good as I imagined it would be. Glad I waited to replace my original.
Here at PerBlue HQ, we are prepping for a visit from #madison Mayor Paul Soglin.
You need to get on twitter a little more. Jump on my page and follow who I'm following.
Forget about gas prices, since these cars plug right into the wall! Paul races off to the Silicon Valley Auto Show, Sun (3/6/11) @ 8:30pm
I get to see him tonight I think :)))))
no MAN should ever except the excuse/reason, i don't remember what happened last night.
really nice!!:)
oh hello
: it sure does...an closed mouths dont get fed... ;)
UAPB Choir is Beast!! Great Job!!
Inspired by archivists'toolkit lighting talks
4 tweets and little over an hr ago I said "I refuse to believe my #Sixers will shoot this bad in the second half" Check my tweets!!!
your new twitter pic is so pretty :)
IT WAS PERFECT<3
May 26 RT when the #Fornication video dropping?
Happy 2012 Here's to more human animals loving and protecting the natural world!
Dear Women of Chicago: I like the way you're dresses today. Love, Mikey
digging the band "Second Slice" at the Tin Cup in Ocala, FL!
Turbot! For overfishing?
Where are you sitting tonight?
How can you win authentic, autographed, Carlos Giullien goodies? Answer: Which Social Good Detroit Sponsor does everything REAL BIG?
Bud Light "Platinum?" Seriously?
Jus Had My Baskin Ribbons #NW Friday Free Next Had Ta Buy It
's lead singer looks like a coke-head. These guys are lame.
Thanks! Well, word on the street is I have a pretty awesome job, so I suppose I'll make it. :)
this is 100x better tho, and I'm not that worried about Lock going down, but I'm keeping limited money on their just to be safe
no it in muh belly
Reading is for suckers! TextEdit is becoming one of my favorite applications because of its speech feature.
Oh, what up 700 thread count; I think we're gonna be bros.
“: Dear #sxsw and loves #sake bombs” point of clarification ... Jill drinks sake bombs that Tash forces on us
I hate daylight savings but I love the longer days
She's not a whore if she's actress
wow man! Thanks! Hope to see you at the #whiskey in #valentinesday!
Yep! :D Though I think we'd need to pay and take vacation time ;(
Just kidding. I'll always root for the Tigers in your honor...as long as they aren't playing Oregon.
Part of the responsibility of using big words is using them properly.
Happy 2nd Day of my Birthday Month!
Helena V. is offering a 35% discount 2 product designers till April 30, 2010. If interested, call the studio @ 212-673-6584.
putting on make-up and helmet hair?
I don't want to be a Disagreeing Danny, but Toby Keith is a pothead Obama supporter. he's okay by me.
The Men Who Stare at Money
LOL <3 WE GONNA FIGHT LOL ME AND YOU WHO GONNA WIN ?? ME
House plan to block grant #Medicaid would deny health insurance to 1,653,000 New Yorkers.
“: No matter how much cash I sit with, still gotta ask the lord for forgiveness.”
what's the address
I saw that you will be presenting at #BookExpo. Sounds like a great session - good luck!
yea got ya. Just was wondering if that was the one being referred to.
I am but not to want a man who is already married. Kinda not cool! Great musician though!
Drive is showing at the Majestic. Wanna see it this weekend? LMK
I think I'm gonna watch all Madonna tours
I cry every time I watch that xD
Drake stand fa Do. Right. And. Kill. Everything
Cannabis is green. I got tinsel. I know, sometimes tinsel is green but that's mostly just for St. Patrick's Day.
Trick or treat. Just kicking back handing candy out. So far a slow night. I got about 15 trick-or-treaters so far.
I feel honored to know why you googled 2/5 of those things. 👯
He's probably not interested in you because he's too busy chasing someone who's not interested in him
Clickbank Tutorials - BANS - EBay Store The Easy Way
Oh My God!!! I KNOW RIGHT? he looks sexy with his skinny jeanss<3
Atlantic city, we comin
Kill me. NOW!
last out for Pedey
I got there at 5 originally but a cop made me leave lol
wait lol i forgot i get no mentions on here.
“: "I will not go back to the days when health insurance companies had unchecked power to cancel your policy."” respect
Thanks, we are happy to help! RT Thank you for the carry out that filled the hole in my soul this eve.
anyone have the score of the manchester united, blackthorn game
Obama vows to
this week couldn't get any worse.
#TheMostCommonLies I got to go. whahaha when really ur like frozen on a chair going nowhere.. O.o :D
you got it backwards miss papers > swishers
Who's going out tonight?? Ima need some dms
When your boyfriend thinks your a rag doll and drags you down the hall.. Cool
I always need to be doing something , i hate being left alone with my thoughts
Rise of the Planet of the Apes in early childhood
I thought Peter Jurkin had a real SHOT at making the #McdonaldsAllAmerican game.
Just discovered LyricPlay from Shazam! Now I can karaoke with the right words!
What inspires you?
Thank u to the several-hundred ppl who performed & attended today's benefit concert. Special thanks to #TrinityChurch & the BMA.
it was awesome! Bad in a good way... Although, I am sure in a couple hours I will regret my choice to eat the Doritos taco.
HEY I HEARD YOU WERE A WILD ONE
RT : fastest wifi router? Linksys E4200v2 -- I agree. Just set one up the other day for a SMB. Impressed.
Pacing in silent agony.
It was a cute pik! Happy Tuesday!
i would love a GoogaMooga ticket if you still have one to spare!
Being #unemployed and struggling to find a job has to be one of the worst feelings ever!
I don't follow too many ppl who r paleo insiders. What r they saying?
Morning, morning
#prsawebinar Looking for some good ideas to move social from one or two people to a team effort!
when r u coming 2 milwaukee,wi??
I have never made homeade salsa before but these recipes make me want to try!
oh yeah that's what I thought
:/ it's my opinion not hating
Happy Snowy Tuesday! Drive safely today... Coming soon, another two batches of bacon...
I should be a professional photographer
Honestly, I'm a wreck.
I'm actually having a blast working on my final for Purple Aires.
Where's your favorite place to find Arts and Entertainment news/events in the Triangle?...
Have you decided what your #midlifecrisiscar will be?
that album goes hard
Going to finish Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell!
thank you!!
“: HAPPY BDAY WHOADIE!!”Thanks Come To Peanuts Tonight!!!
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking – “Fifth, Think about your love for and desire to help the audience.”
is messi going HAM??
Our meeting room limit is 200 when we don't have chairs set up. We offer the big programs multiple times a day.
Everyone is doing great this year ;) #DancingWithTheStars #Jaleel is amazing ! 26/30
Headng into the home stretch to LifeWorks NW fundraising breakfast 4/16. OAMC getting ready for large group depart for Romania. www.oamc.org
Become a lifelong learner. Expose self to new ideas. Take classes. Resolve to remain teachable. ~ Christiane Northrup, M.D.
It's okay...ive told the story 100 times...its still funny!
3 day weekend!
i'll try to arrange for a sofa to be placed in the bar on friday :)
My roomates are grilling brats.. I need to get outta here before I eat every last one
Wow--powerful to see current and past teachers at two-year colleges stand alongside 2-year attendees. *Lots* of folks here.
3000!!! You like us..You Really, Really Like US!!
Two breaking stories. Tim Tebow is now a #Jet and #Saints coach Sean Payton has been suspended for the entire 2012 season.
James Bond will be drinking beer rather than his signature vodka martini in the next Bond film Skyfall-and 007 fans are not happy about it.
Oh the music grind is an interesting one
because Nats stadium is a DUMP...thats why
You can't handle the fucking truth
Happy Birthday!!! :D
why you put that fave for but thank you, and idk maybe cus it been a minute
Get out there and be someone!
ive been here there, everywhere
BULL·E
I am so ready to start this week i can't wait to get outta that school
Is that a new business? Congrats/good luck/mazel tov!
Where is ? #GOPdebate. The media acts like he doesn't exist!
QUICK tweet me your favorite food and I'll retweet the one I like best
ppl will will hate you, rate you, shake you, and brake you. But how strong you stand is what makes you .
GOOD LUCK AUSTIN <3
No Sarge, Clayton Richard doesn't throw 97 mph
yes! Jamar and Juliet!! Amazing talent from both :)
OMG. Did you like skip a grade? Haha. I'm only a Freshman. well, sophomore next year. xx
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. -Christopher Columbus
Getting it together. Recital is coming up fast!
#SouthAfrica continuing to market itself as a value for money destination to #American travelers in
Was good my boy.. Ayo how can i get beatz to you.?
Today we learned that our ladies could afford living in tin roof homes! They moved out of thatched huts for the first time in their lives!
Actually..the toilets are quite scary!
Senior Systems Engineer position w/ SCCM | SCOM at iVision - Atlanta -Resumes to
Distance learning is perfect for working adults. At Janus University we cater to students with busy lives!
Tonight the south has drawn their line in the sand and decided that they will repeat history and deny minority rights, remember what happens
I think John Elway kept Brian Xanders around just long enough to learn his job, then ousted him.
#BandsILove surfer blood
I too had pineapple for breakfast. As well as oranges and celery
What is you opposition do you have to Glenn Beck or the Tea Party peacefully and legally gathering at a public space.
Happy Valentines Day to my baby. And happy valentines day to
I'm bore af though right now the computer don't even keep me entertained anymore...only my boyfriend do lol
sounds like you boss is an AWESOME person. . .so glad you 2 are BFFs. . .j/k ;)
Yesterday it was brand utility. Today it is ambiance marketing.
glad to see sandy is still enjoying the bonfires
“Never let your memories be greater than your dreams.” – Doug Ivester
I think the Twitter commentary on the opening ceremony is more entertaining than the actual opening ceremony. #olympics RT
where are you?
Hell Yeah!
Yes please do! Have fun!
Just wrapped a shoot at #Bonnieandclydes and now bottle service at
Congrats first of many wins to come! :)
“: I need some weed man somebody call the weed man. I'm tryna get high.”
those are the best weddings! Have fun!
So Rio is out
My boyfriend doesnt let me eat at school, so naturally when I come home I eat everything in site & summer is in 44 days. Uh...
Ha, I do stuff other then sit there, according to Claire.
Drew Brees, amazing! Please start talking about him in the same breath as Favre and Manning. That image of he and his 1 year old - memorable
Game Time!! Lets go Oklahoma!!
There is time does not mean i am not going to be there every other time you need me. I Love You Babe..
Oh for sure, Friday works. :)
We need to get us a box cutta nd mase cause I don't fight pretty;)
You're so fucking stupid :O
yea, haha why not?
lol you must have lost so many calories with bottom braces
Is listening to a Father's Day sermon... probably shouldn't be tweeting during church
no ads please on Twitter
dang! Just picked one up!
You Just Read My Tweet!! Hahaha!!!! Sorry sausages.....
'stressed communities?!' Is that what we are now? This WH has zip idea how to talk to constituencies...even in code.
Awesome! Kermit! I should have stopped to say hello haha :)
Sometimes the best opportunities in #life come knocking at ur door
I see you!
": everyone needs to stop turning into Janoskians accounts. theyre great and i like them but like fuck that. i'm here for 1D."
Japanese Girls Are Cool...But Silly
Listening to Carol Petranek from the Family History Center in DC. She is telling her Miracle Story on Bernice Bennett's show.
So who thinks the Magic can come back tonight?
I think it would do me a lot of good, if my hand met your face....
140 characters of curses. That game was really ours.
My prediction...A great chat coming right up
lmao! Yea! I like y'all. But yea y'all got that crazy tendency lol
He is risen indeed!
4 days till my birthday. What the fuck to do?
When Hulk smashed the monologueing bad guy
Colonels baseball upset the Tennessee Vols and now Purdue!
My photos always look so much better as online proofsheets from . How do they do it?!
I just want him to like me ._.
Woot! Good for you.
Wonderful show at Don Quixote's last night!! Thank all of you who are in the area, for coming. As I have been saying, it has been a while s
I just posted about my awesome experience yesterday with these jets. Needless to say, I am very sad. :*(
Signficantly more important.
Follow and like Georgetown 1634 Society on Facebook to automatically be entered in a drawing to win a brick at the Alumni House
Headshot Tip: Maintain the integrity of your actual skintone (there's a difference between under lit, over lit, and well lit)!
Why did I say what I did?
Tonight! TheFountain w/ Fixed False Beliefs, Glass Clovers and Juniper Green Doors @ 7pm Tickets $8.00
when does the demo come out for ps3?
the slow red fox jumped past the lazy dog.
I usually have 3 or 4 panes open when hosting a chat. Add skype for co-moderators as well.
RT josephdepalma Wow... Epic #fail on the #clear speedtest... .71mb/sec download .04mb/sec upload. yikes... I hope just cause it's new.
you got the #Hoyas sitting at 10 and #Cincinnati unranked when the #Bearcats won in
Outdoor body painting, burlesque bar in church, $60 sashimi. Of all the #onlyinNY things I've seen this week, guy using a payphone wins
thank you! How is everything going with you??
Damn. He's #bad tho. Anyway...
I start classes for tech school tomorrow.
forgot to @ you on my last two tweets.
Pray tell...where? RT: Canteen lunch at work where Krug GC and 1998 are served? Don't mind if I do..
Oil Spill is really bad. BP stock is tanking.
do you know someone who makes lip balm locally (indiana)? please dm me their info!
On Dec 7, 2010, the #SEC charged BOA $137 million in disgougment and misconduct. Now, J.P. Morgan with over $220 million. Account anyone?
or Showtime
Relational models differ from lists of characteristics Christine Bruce 'seven faces' and Sylvia Edwards 'Net lenses'
*shrug* can I have sum Xanax so I can sleep 4 a few days... Jus need good sleep...
Really looking forward to tonight!
would like to go to bed but hoping to hear that #pujols resigns with the #Cardinals. Have to admit, I have a bad feeling
You can become your #IDEAL you over social media....FACT!!!
LAkers beat themselves, nice to know Staples is still lakers house. 50/50 crowd. Not bad for a clip home game haha
I went to a friend house who had roaches that where family oriented. Bitches move in and don't move out till all the food gone.
Yay mommy is back home time for sleepy with my boo boo 🌙 goodnight tweetos
my love <3
Maybe planning for a better tomorrow is the only way to correct yesterday's mistakes.
I'm listening to "One God" by Maurette Brown Clark on Pandora
: Congrats to Brad and Candice on their new addition!!
call me when you get a chance PLEASE
yes!! Why are you ask me?
thanks "Cooler" The rest of the season is going in the toilet.
No inspiration to get up......
I want to retweet your taco bell, but I can't.
yes we do. Are you off on the weekends like normal folks
Let's Go Lakers!
I wish I could join ya!
extra long & extra expensive, since it's in 3d lol.
Any of you ever been to Malaysia? And if so, any words of wisdom? I am traveling there for work.
good question. Any ideas for a better term for "non-traditional" students?
good, I think I got second in the heat, you?
So fucking mad
went to #artlosangelescontemporary this evening. felt refreshing walking amongst people who are trying harder than i am.
Gorgeous! Wish that were my view...
I am!
Can't get enough! Dats da hook rite der!!!
What a horrible game by the Heat. Battier and Wade's free throws are the main culprits
damn - thought u shoulda won that :(
Just called and got the voicemail hm
The Notebook. Noah. I love you.
Bah! Aliens > Abyss > Terminator > Avatar > Titanic > T2 > Piranha 2 > True Lies
We had sushi last night too! We had salmon, tuna, and Kipp made spicy tuna roll, California roll, & spicy California roll!
lmao I knew you would eventually tryna defame my tweets nshit smdh
Looking forward to it!
Cleaning up my computer desktop was much easier than cleaning up my real desktop.
Im tattoo artist/rapper
have you tried hero academy?
Is that pig Latin? ;)
MarkAnicas best. husband. Ever! : )
What did you do in corporate america?
Much cooler today, should be able to make the full 11am-5pm haul. Lots of Caprese specials & goodness
Promo code " Stay15 " .
i knowww.its hard to get him to notice you!but me and one of my friends are inlovve with him and he dmed her.she screamed<3
Mission --> Vision --> #Brand positioning --> Brand promise
Just realized I did the music monday thing today...it's Tuesday.
Looks like lance is in a team uniform and not his own, this is a good sign that he'll help his team capt. Contador.
Sounds like an excellent day! You are really taking advantage. I salute you!
That's weird. I'll check on it.
thanks for the follow. What's good with u?
Sorry folks, Palin does nothing for me. We must find a better cand. to rally around. Her wink turned me off initally, no way can she win.
Of course I do. Manly facial hair never goes out of style.
We have to sort out what life will be like now :)
Happy Mothers Day to everybody Mama I know and Mothers to be
Having T1, T2, and T3 is like having 3 twenty minute interactive #meded workshop/chats. Thanks!
Hahaha I just saw a guy dressed like a cowboy with a skateboard yea that totally makes sense
yes Indiddle de diddle de diddle de de!
Bingo? ": I bet i know where my mom is..."
LISTENING TO ONE DIRECTION with <3
This better not be a three way tie
"Merde!" perhaps? Assuming your ancestors were french. but also "c'est la vie"
Ain't much I ain't been thru and haven't seen its just the same shit different day.
Just got in the car and a random marley CD in muh player. Angel? I think so
So how am I celebrating Week 1 being over? I'm walking to the Farmers' Market in Oneonta.
ready to see the new
Apsht. You didn't miss much, believe me.
Huntsman: The fact that there was a whistle blower who went to the US consulate is very telling
Time is really moving by slowly
all time low TOMORROW #makesmesmile :)
I wanna send Austin a big bottle of ketchup.....
AFter watching the BC v WF game yesterday - all i can say to #BCEagles fans is - sign the #squirrel!
“: Just thinking about highschool next year panics me to the point of not being able to sleep at ngiht.” It sucks..
Lol and only 2 more months for THE con!!!
Math test :/
GAMS I MISS YOU TOO. reunion in 6 months please?
Stop playing with my mind
Just arrived for 1st assignment with AP at #Coyotes game.
ah, an excellent brew. Gotta pace yourself on the weekdays!
Great styling on that page! Nice work
Back in Dallas and must admit I wish I were still in BR. Way too short of a trip!
Polls are now closed and I am watching Everett Township officials count the ballots. I will find out who won soon! Wish me luck!
Avery Bradley hurt
Home stretch then I'm done, I gotta keep going and stay motivated
Cookout at 3 last night was not a good idea
Ok Boston, one of the following will happen 2nite 939: Face painting and clowns. Cooking classes. Tim solo show. Find out which! 8pm
nicest cashier at Walgreens this morning. Great to know that there is some good people out there.
RT if you love your fans <3 :)
The only saxophones I can put up with! Miss you three. :)
Sounds awesome, Kyle! I'm sure I'll get my turn to travel overseas one day soon :-) Can't wait...
Sister and I are on the cable cars. I think she likes it!
John Griffith addressing lunch attendees. Mentioned importance of community partnering together to
thank much for retweeting.
It feels so good to give back to those in need. I just wanna make it so i can share the wealth with many in need of a lil help.
ethics and integrity be damned, got the game they wanted, but one team didn't deserve. College sports: a fine molder of character!
Keep those beautiful pics of Denver coming, friends!
how is that bar line?
how was the show?
Sure I'm not the only one in this roomful of Americanists who was just enabled to calculate the size of F.O. Matthiessen's manhood
Driving to SYL w today. Can't wait! New cd the whole way
see you at boswell books on friday! excited to pick up a copy of your book. nice coverage on jsonline too!
#FF .. cause' they make my, aswell as many people's ears happy. (:
In the thick of end-of-the-semester sentimentality. Proud of my students.
your booth looked great (as usual :). So glad we ran into you!
Big ups to for producing the new spring tanks. Rage with him at #CowboysThursday!
and we love you! 
People who have a picture of themselves as their background <
I love Mr. Cranky! Happy to keep him alive at :)
Hates the job. Stressed out.
Damn girl. Your always doing something. :)
Ima victim of my own kind wea da weed at
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I got where I needed to be.
same here. You have my digits. Prepare to see B$, kav, and myself at our absolute best.
But bottom line, bad conduct does not justify other bad conduct.
Why am I so unproductive these days?! I have so much to do before this announcement! Argh!
is #NEWPLAY talk better maintained w/o formal reviews? Agree w/ they serve no pos purpose?
the attitude toward this. The reaction should reflect that this is a common practice; didn't.
I love you <3
yea whatever!
Hey fans my meet & greet pics from Solvang, CA are now up on my website...check em out!
I completely agree.
you got it chica!
: I'm jealous hah , Your Lucky<3. Hope you have funn (:
especially after mom washes it (: . Happy mother's dayy(:
Empire Records iis on Netflix! AH!
hey bro its hot as hell in here tonight! Oh follow me.
CEDDY NASH LIVE @ ANTIGUAS TONIGHT 10PM 723 K STREET ACROSS FROM 24 HOUR FITNESS SACRAMENTO ARTIST TRYIN TO GET ON TOUR COME OUT!
a friend in grad school suggested that ur mother’s disapproval meant that you were heading in the right direction, it was art school, though
I TRANSFERED FROM LOS ANGELES, YUR SKOOL HAS NO GYMNASTICS TEAM, THIS IS A LAST RESORT *CLAPS HARD AF ONE TIME*
Willow Smith Is Gona Be THAT Girl Within The Next Few Years
So I deleted one of my MySpace profiles! You proud?
nope. Nobody wanted to hangout with DJ for awhile. Tonight I'm headed out with Picard!!
don't say that. You have to try harder. Music industry is difficult. Your day will come. Hangin w/the wrong people.
that is the creepiest fountain in all of Seattle.
I have official angered myself over my own misuse of grammar and proper spelling, Argh!
I can do this I can do this I can do this
Taxes would be too easy if I had the energy to finish them. Just a conglomerate of stuff. That's a fun word to say too.
OMD! Can't believe the finale is already here! So you've had to keep it a secret all this time!?
Although I imagine it will just be folded into subscription/platform fees....
White Haus in Jamaica Plains; in Providence , a fantastic arts space; basement venue Distant Castle in Worcester
I'm not comparing, I'm saying that's him....
Some board game maker should make a "NFL draft" board game... Cuz it would be a 3 day-long BORED game #football #draft #boring #isitoveryet?
lmao YAY! And your so welcome FOLLOW PLEASE 💙❤💜💛 or ima 😢
Mulligans is going up tonight 11-4am .. I gotta recharge the batteries !!
I don't know why you find the question offensive, but I don't really understand what you're asking.
Thanks for the great write-up! We're on here too () if you want to reference us next time.
Man I need some food
my will is as strong, and my kingdom as great....damn, I can never remember that line.
I miss COME OVER. <3
I mean SMH .No ..1ever tells U that as ( The Boss ) U have not only put up with Ppls Ish.. But U will be faced with a Mountain of Ish daily
if you released the Zvex Buttdial, it would sell.
glad to be back in RI with my boy Dave!
"The only way to know how far you can go, is to keep going!—Delano Johnson Embrace your Creativity
Oops, I just deleted my previous tweet by mistake, I'm sorry if you notice it later! But lykke til! :)
Is it Lumburgh? Sounds like Bill Lumburgh!
these bitches make me itches
One hour, Hot Stone Massage $79 was $115, offer good until April 20th.
When other people flirt: hey baby, you're looking sexy tonight. When I flirt: hey babe, if you were a potato......you'd....be.a nice potato
Say hello to SMI's Christian Lappe at
Peanut butter and jelly homemade ice cream from HaVen. Wow. That was incredible.
"above all else...know thyself"
“If it is right, it happens—The main thing is not to hurry. Nothing good gets away.” -John Steinbeck.
i can see this
#tusg My #BCEagles won the NCAA hockey title in the #FrozenFour this past weekend in Tampa
well I dont really want everyone know if u know what I mean? :)
Thank you Nancie...love you!
Nano technology on a nano budget: just need a roll of scotch tape and voila, Nobel Prize!
Ugh I hate spell check Fanny Pak
heeeyyyy I finally did the cover lol sorry for the delay I was supper busy ... Send me a tweet when ur online ;)
good night sleep tight.
Just got my copy of MAKE in the mail, and you're on the cover! Congratulations! Great articles.
After party for VMAs. Live celeb spotting. So far, at table with All American Rejects and next to Kelly Rowland.
Sowing seeds indoors can be a great way to exercise your green thumb without having to freeze in the outdoor temperatures
never give up
your chips n ice cream idea is very strange but not bad lol
could be interesting, especially if painted w/ the detail of a Dutch master, of a student w/ macbook, Starbucks,+ despair.
Sounds pretty wonderful.
Cheers to the girl who grabs you two drinks at the bar of the drink you asked for
I can't wait to see it! I miss seeing on tv all the time! I loved u on GND. I think u need ur own show that would b awesome!
You're welcome, and I Would Appreciate it Also if you would re-follow me as well so I can Thank You.
Just finished reading The Girl Who Played With Fire. So satisfying!
Feeding your baby solid foods before 4-6 months may increase the risk of developing allergies, constipation, and even choking.
Back in the gym for the first time in two years.....
Attn: I'm selling my Classic HipHop Cassettes! Stay tuned for a list...
Still need a corsage & boutonniere for #prom? We have everything you need--check us out!
I could have easily spun that into a dirty joke, but I'm just going to say "thank you", like a lady.... ;)
Super bowl Sunday! lets get it : ))))
DAYUM thats for you and the bitches.
Under your bed pretending to be a Chinook helicopter.
#FF How could I forget ? How could anybody? How could anybody not follow him? A Twitter legend.
"Wowyouwererightcatslover?" This movie is only 73 minutes long. No time for breaths.
When will you tweet details about LA
Photobooth rentals for ANY event: Weddings,Corporate,Birthday,Prom,Church Party
: you got me again...that's twice in a row... posted via
Thanks for helping spread the word! RT Yay RT: Great news: Ford Foundation is funding Half the Sky game on Facebook!
awesome! Get ready to laugh!!
Keep your sustainability-related questions for EPA Administrator, Lisa Jackson coming! Use
“The reality of the war versus the war that people saw... it’s a very different reality” Mike Kamber on media censorship...
Bethany Graduation soon!
Well, you seem to give no fucks you damn asshole.
": Nice show twan. That radio joint crazy "appreciate it fam glad to put on for my city
did someone ask for your opinion...your time with
#nuggets of coarse.
6 months until EdCamp Social Studies! Can't wait for the fun & collaboration with AMAZING educators!
Nada mucho man. Just working away on an EARLY monday morning...
My mum wouldn't.
You always know how to put me in a bad mood
Asa Jackson, a Cal Poly CB just drafted by the Ravens, is such an unknown that ESPN's draft tracker didn't list school in his online eval.
Travel briefs: D.C. wax museum gets Lady Gaga
Okay, I guess it's time for my New Year to officially begin. Always takes me a few days to get back in the game after the holidays!
enjoy your weekend too!! 🌷 follow us back!
You might not want to admit that there are facts known, but there is quite a bit. Sorry, but your boy is WI's own Blago.
He goes to !!
A woman whose smile is open and whose expression is glad has a kind of #beauty no matter what she wears.- Anne Roiphe
last time I was sick I stayed home and watched trainspotting. it didn't make me feel any better.
we are (: for sure!
I'm 100 points away from a $10 Amazon gift card! Join in on the fun! #GourmazingGiveaway by 's
oh and promise to watch tonight. It's my grandmas birthday tomorrow! 91 years young!
The Price Of Success
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.- Jim Rohn
On Skype wit my baby :*
Leonard Cohen - Since You've Asked - 10:07 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
love u too hope u like ur gift. I sent u ;)
Tonight at 7:00pm, Martin Kihn reads from "Bad Dog". Pooches are welcome.
me too. Looks like I've very naughty.
Going from .js -> php makes you realize how _visual_ front-end programming is.
MIKEY WAS IN THE BACKGROUND. ASDBDKSBAHMSN
hey good chat last night! what is your email?
: Kanye and Kim hold hands at Chanel event #idgaf!
Good thing about traffic jams? Plenty of time to charge your phone!
Retweet this to your followers? And we are so glad you did! #180voices180stories RT It's my day to blog!
Farmers tan from lax equipment >>>
OH: "Of course, there are the people who still don't HAVE a CMS." Sigh.
at my friends house
New Yorkers are 1) smiling and 2) wandering around aimlessly. 70 degree weather turns this place into an entirely different city. #Portland?
I'm at a talk re: accepting fallibility in our heroes. RT : Ann Coulter is the shining light of truth logic & reason buy her books
Teacher : " DO YOU WANT TO SPEND LUNCH IN MY CLASS?!?!?!" .. Students: "Are you asking me out?O_O""
:/ . Hold it together !
With the
Ron Artest will go to prison before this series is over
1) twitter unfollowed you :( but I followed you again 2) snooping on yr personal life: r u going to derby? if so msg/call me
Catching up on last week's episode of V.
Procrastinator Monday. Who will crawl out of the woodwork today and expet me to be a super-hero CPA? Or better yet, wait until next week!
"To give beyond reason, to care beyond hope, to love without limit; to reach, stretch, and dream, in spite of your fears..."
I see. The #UN report on #Libya was written by #Iran #NorthKorea #Syria #Cuba #Algeria - All the usual suspects
Everyday's a new day
Kk and thanks u want my second pair
My paycheck is about to be so great :)
Looking for gem of a YA book to read this wknd? Get "Bruiser" by Can't wait to recommend it to students.
Yippee! My first trip to ! #FSU RT : Heading to Tallahassee today!
so proud of you for enjoying the weather!
& you still have my cd, so do it!
Get fired up like smokin' gun On the floor til the daylight comes, Gays they just wanna have some fun...A Gay gone wild ;)
-- Where You At
No plans tomorrow
that's just an awesome hat
Thank you for following us. We are interested to learn more about your group.
So important. RT : focus on quality, not quantity
Enjoying my directorial journey-Paul Campbell: Life and Times of a Jamaican Movie Star which opens Miramar Cultural Arts Theatre on Dec.11.
I think wins the award for best choreographer
Let me know what you think. Haven't seen it yet and would like to
I'm not here to bring anyone down. I'm here to make people laugh, and sometimes say things that make no sense.
This summer will be a good one
In the spirit of ArtsLive is having an opening reception for Felix Lembersky paintings tomorrow at 6:00pm
I know. I love them, but only optical ones. Roller-balls are absolute shiss.
Great show today! Part 2 of Susan Koeppen's survival story and we're giving away more ski passes! Tune in.
wtf is that?
It's nice to meet you! I'm going to be a librarian next year - I hope! :)
Happy Birthday to my big brother, William A. J. Ross! I love you!.
thank god I waited to text my #doghouse selection. Now I have nothing to say. Both my #bigredmachines came through tonight!
Buying a new toothbrush is always an exciting and wondrous venture for me.
lmao yea for real go sell some shoes
I'm on-air more than doing VO, but I do voice tracking from home studio. I really like your blog. Thanks for doing it.
I'm not the one that you want. I'll always let you done.
Comment boxes are God's gift to aggrieved white dudes. I thought 's post was good.
yes it is! Lol then, meeting the man :-)
I won't hold my breath waiting for an apology for your crass, insensitive remark, but it really was.
as special issue of Victorian studies coming out eventually w and Morretti.
I swear sometimes teachers just make tests really long so they don't have to do anything all hour.
S/O to my new follower FWM folk
Free education and training for all students to have equal opportunities in all schools, colleges, universities, etc for training.
adorable and congrats on the the little ones arrival.
#youknowyouuglywhen you can't fit into themirror.
Jingle balls, jingle bells, jingle all the way!! Merry Christmas my friends! :-)
Oh my goodness. They're based in Denver, but he is EVERYWHERE. Used to be big advertiser on KNEW/KSAN back in day
Hate him SOMETIMES ;-)
oh, nope! Too broke hahaha :(
Tanning<3 then gym
Sleep. Homework. Two and a half days off with daughter. Hmm... which is more important...
A6 pt 3: as transplant from CLE, I might pick up some gear. I like it and am not a fan of the
The actress who plays Joan, Christina Hendricks, may be the best actor on the show. Great subtlety and presence w/no bombast.
Everyone come see at Swayzes tonight. We can crash some parties after. ;)
Happy for the opportunities I have had in the past, and excited for those to come in the future. Here's to continuing to grow and moving on.
What's happening? THE WANTED EMCEES newest single "Wanted the Illist" is what's happening. Download on iTunes or Amazon TODAY! Peace n <3 Yo
Listening to one direction and playing frisbee on wii!
Hope to make it! -- In the Line of Fire: Sam Coronado's Guerrillera Series, Saturday, May 21, at
Well I had a great day skiing at Blue Mountain in the Poconos. Have a great evening everybody.
text me pictures!!
time to party
Power Monkey Rodeo Halftime show is June 16th :)
by your standards, I should say! It's decent.
everything man has ever experienced began with a single thought.....
Just watched replay of Chelsea/Barcelona....... Holy Crap!!!!
Just found Tweet.Grader.com as part of a story I'm working on about Lexington tweeters. I'm ranked 1,393,074 out of 10M+ Tweeters. Ha!
what goes through a guys mind when their screwing you over.....://
thanks for the interest. Were you at #zinfest too? I'd say I was sorry I missed you, but I couldn't even find my coworkers!
it's fun right? Well done, and something special for Downtown- I'm glad you agree! xoxo
hey you said it not me aha
RT “: RT this if you want me to follow you :)”
FEEL BETTER
Obviously turned on for post-game. NBC coverage makes me want to poke my eyes out
I love these things! RT Do pregnant women know about the delicious "Take 5" candy bar? Pretzel, peanut butter and chocolate.
First year of college complete 😊
#fridaylistens Undone by Karin Slaughter - enjoying getting to know the characters.
I have the best boyfriend ever. <3
I will look at show and see if im ont it
Don't worry...I'm taking something for it...(although I get a waiver - 10 year old daughter)
That's cool...I can definitely dig that, same here.
7, but I swear it has nothing to do with Andray Blatche.
to make you feel better it's no different than most tweets anyways lol
Hiccups #most annoying thing ever
I'm sure this was said, as I knocked out early last night. But the new Bane voice mix sounds extradiegetic. I'll take the mumble.
Give us a call to discuss shipping. We sell through designers and can certainly arrange shipping, 212-759-8700
Today should be a good day; easy practice, portillos, go on a date <3
Watching a movie
My helmet disappeared while spelunking in a bat cave to which Frank remarked, 'a pithy helmet?' Then I struck him.
Hahaha I would hope not missy!
About to tee off at the Bog. Gorgeous day!
Someone pls tell me the last time Detroit put up 48 pts
Cool ... What time you going and do you know how to get there
Ten min omg
Gaddafi will now be forever remembered as Sadistic Monster of the Middle East.
nope the lovely amare' on monday smh
he shirtless woah
are u serious did amy winehouse die forreal???
u must be bored in the waiting room... But ill go to jail with u.
I LOVE YOUR AVI!
THANK GOD FOR GOOGLE VOICE LMAO!
not we dont each other, but im about cough up a lung
everybody knows that the bird is the word. ;3
is saying GREAT is the Lord and He is greatly to be praised!! Hallelujah!!
Taking 4.5 year old on first amusement park excursion. She is still asleep and i am already tired.
Went to the wrong hotel. Rookie mistake
I will check with to see what they say. I will be in touch.
Oh My Gosh I can't wait. And again I fell bad for you since you really thought you we're getting "robbed''.
The weekend goes by fast, every time. Enjoying the rest of this lazy Sunday. Hope everyone else is too!
Everyone in our school has afterschool activities. Mine is going home.
Sing it HeMo!
At the airport, stuck behind the lovers in the longest security line ever.
A couple that I've found have been short excerpts from larger, pubbed print books.
I just want to apologize to all my mates I've been chatting up recently! I over use LOL and it's ruining relationships I feel! ;-p lol...
Thank you! I appreciate your americablog posts, always.
Q1) vast and growing. show beats tell every time. really digging the #infographics trend as well.
Excited to talk with AAFP chapter execs and new staff at #aafpncsc about new pcmh tools and free resources.
How do you do the Souljaboy Superman dance
my FY new year's resolution - don't wait until april to do taxes
I disrespect the fact Education and Public School system has been abandoned by our society.
morning DREAMERS!!!
meet me in outer space we could watch earth rise<3
Talk to your #donors. What are their aspirations for your #nonprofit? #Contributions will follow.
All you do is bullshit!!!
yea I have 2 cuz of the fcat but my mom said she might pick me up after so I don't have 2 walk that much
Aight let me get to sleep for this workout early in the morning!!
What a large group tonight, glad to see new faces! *waves*
Colors are my life
Wake-N-Bake
Loving the la perla tequila drink - cannot wait for dinner!
you need a freelance #designer / #Illustrator / #collab ? --
GOOD MORNING LADIES
LOL I know how you feel.
someone tried to steal my 1987 pickup. Fortunately they're too stupid to understand need to set choke on carb to start it.
: Finally listening to "Maybe Steps". I'm still trying to figure out "Lucid Dream"!!!!
Back from hanging out in Bellingham for the weekend.
I'm missing this Panda person!
Pep rally tomorrow:) then homecoming dance on saturday oh yeah
‘Give It Back’ protest demands Coconut Grove Playhouse’s return to public ownership
WIN! Keynote on iPad finally has hyperlink support!
I dont need anybody to tell me who and not to follow. I am my own person so i make those decisions for me, myself, and i.
Thanks to our new followers , and We're excited to share news and fun stories with you in 2012!
I reset again - now deleting all the spam ...thank you !
it's just another manic Monday
If you think a rabbit laying eggs has anything to do with Jesus I got a bridge in BK to sell you. It's a pagan tradition.
Wow wow wow. My sister's fiancee decided to go out and get MY dream truck for MY sister. Shit sucks.
Patience makes lighter what sorrow may not heal. -Horace
Bad decision making by going arms and body shots with my brother.
really? Sure doesnt show it, didnt show reg season, doesnt show now
I was at the game but I really wish I could watch highlights from Bob Miller and
Finally off workk, time to k.o lol : )
...Wild goats don't sleep.
It's a great song lol.
....it's too sad.....like Shaunie needs to re-cast...keep the hoe show but re-cast with class
#mommausetosay you either eat what I cook or don't eat at all
is looking for a new Marketing Director, send me candidates. I'm psyched to be joining as Managing Partner!
EXACTLY....Hey #GoDaddy...it's not just the outage - it's the lack of communication & use of technology
I find you have to be inspired or it totally shows in your post.
My tweets are working again!!! Now can I get 80 followers pls?? :)
Oh lord. Thought he was a family man? Regardless, surprised she can get any athlete to go out with her after K.H.
gonna party like it's 1999....need to get my motivation pumping!!!
so you want your cord but don't hit me up for it lol
Supermoon? More like regular-sized-moon-closer-to-the-Earth-than-usual.
wait it's 4 am? It was only ten 5 min. ago where did the time go?
That just makes me cringe. I hope we throw, within reason, some $ at Bourn to make him stay.
Why couldn't the rabbit fly home for Easter? He didn't have the hare fare.
If I was in a coma, how often would you visit me?
My dissertation included asking GenY's coworkers 2 list GenY values. Listing others might be difficult, but is it easier 2 list own values?
thanks for the follow! Do you see the Gallup-BBG partnership contributing to the #futureofpd evaluation?
Well said my friend, well said.
is really really REALLY freaking hot!!!!!! Like omg he is stunning Love him so much <3
Awesome right!? Thanks for stopping by! RT Checking out and trimmings, loving this concept!
I've taken comm. class and practiced w/ copy but its difficult to find auditions, what is the next step? Paid auditions?
Beer that tastes like bourbon. Life can't get better than that, can it?
Just wanted to let you know that my MINI CD is available on CD BABY
“: did anyone give you a pinterest invite yet? or does no one love you enough?” You are cruel and highly unusual.
I gotta say, though, that my first cabbie was AWESOME.
Winter can be SAD for most people! Try to fight the urge to isolate yourself. Ask for help if you're feeling depressed.
I can't believe I still haven't started Arkham City. I've had it for months now.
I had So much fun last night! THank You
Who needs a huge & fabulous 4 b 2 ba condo in North Center (Chicago)?! Your kids can go to Coonley! Message me for details.
Ready to see these grabs!
Are you sad often?
Great. Let us know when its ready!
then I'd say gin & tonic
YOU'RE THE BEST! I WISH THERE WERE MORE RESTAURANTS LIKE URS W/ ORGANIC INGREDIENTS, AWESOME TASTE, GREAT PRICE!
1-10. Chances that D-Will ends up in Mavs jersey next season?
Nice post. Use of "curation" in archives/library space is fun to debate. We should discuss some time.
First year of college done?!
He lost me :/
Shout out to President Martin Sheen for putting country first, despite your child's public cries for help
Wait it might b little 8==D lls.
the difference is that Miles outcoached Saban for the 2nd yr in a row and wildly more successful at LSU than Saban was. Fact!
oh how you make me laugh.
so you're getting cold sweats cause your shit?
Americas Got Talent in a few but for now The Substitute this show is hilarious
i've never seen gone with the wind :( but I think I should watch it ;)
We're on TV! Be sure to watch your WVIR NBC29 local news tonight for a spot on OpenSpace with our very own Jeff Gunther!
My mouth hurts :( ehhh...
About 20 mins. in. Holder is in the hospital.
We have no idea what that is! We must have been out of the loop!
That moment when Logan wakes up and says "Where's Sarah"
Yes & Can we also add emails longer than 3 paragraphs? ": Can we start counting magazines as books. I'll sound so much smarter."
Any time for you, babes!
Can and will do. I've been using hemp & chia seeds in my smoothies recently and I'm lovin' them.
#sca2012 Calif Redistricting Commission (legislative districts--big friggin' deal) planned ahead for retention of their files. Ahh, nirvana.
Events, social media, classes, food pairings.... Okay, but is there any new marketing strategies in craft beer?
Okapis are the best animal on the planet
aced all my tests, led off my game with a home run, blts for dinner
": Blessed #2See Another Day..."
Did you know Dick Clark? Sometimes he had 5 dogs at a time! Rest in Peace to a dog lover extraordinaire. Via
yay to both. I'll let ya know if I come into $1000 anytime soon.
because Blacks and other students of color are likely to be impacted the most
"I never knew queen Latifa was on makeup" - #twitterless Bethany
Getting Ready for tonight! Sending out much love to Love you all! Hugs!
one time right before we were about to leave the flight attendant made them leave....
Thanks for the follows!
I got 2
I think winter has just arrived . Sigh...my springg...
working mane, let's get it
no its not!!! I never ment to offend you!! gosh me saying tht isn't hating!! look i dnt wanna fight i nvr ment to make u mad
Gonna get.my haircut n take a drive out of Milwaukee
Don't see why L-ville HAS to even listen? Yum Ctr made the poor business decision, what's worst can happen? Bad PR for a few weeks, months?
Having a mellow NYE?
very cool profile!
just dug a splinter out of my hand with my other hand. bleeding, but satisfied.
a good day is when you disappear for 3 hours to take an exam and reappear to discover 5 chock-full-of-exciting-ideas messages in your inbox.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen your boyfriend is still logged in on facebook on your computer
tn limited ticket
Are u talking about what u've done or what ur going to do? R ur words & actions matching?
Im a new self published author my book is no where to be found on Goodreads what do I have to do to add it?
Wow woman
yo you got that! i sent that thru
My friend just played me this Carrie Underwood song "Wine after Whiskey" ...One of those titles I'm jealous I didn't think of. SO good!
whats your number again? I accadentally deleted that message
I worked out 4-hrs a day everyday...b4 going to Jamaica! ...and since...meh!!! Not so much! ....so I'm going for a RUN!!! #don'tJudgeMeh
Finally committed to playing the PCA. Just bought plane ticket and booked next door at Riu, hopefully a lot better the shithole Atlantis
Watching 'Mad Men' in Anthropology today. My favorite.
First rehearsal for Pajama Game today. I love musical directing...different from how I love choral conducting...
Money, meet fire. #nhlplayoffs oh well try again tomorrow
Sure pal.
Stay tuned for the new original track! Go to soundclound.com/dsdsq2
1 final? No sleep. We goin hard!
One of my favorite musical moments of the past 10 years is the tom fill before the chorus on 's "Plans". Fantastic.
Just wrote a long letter; about to sit on amp and play "Bizarre Love Triangle." What year is it, again?
Going on LIVE with Dr. Orly Taitz of the "Birther Movement" - want to know what that is? www.radiokolamerica.com - call in # 818-691-3243
I will miss your americano's while you're gone.
I get that :) My point is that seems pretty speculative, since it's not like somebody else did it (see Picasa).
As a former Shelton's Fireworks employee (in 2 states; they're great!)... I admit #ThunderOverLouisville makes me smile (on TV & on mute).
Arm your army! Make sure you have a mechanism to keep your employees ahead of the flow
#3WordsForYou I love you. 😊
Follow back me is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos ;)
big credit goes to She did an awesome job!
Great Beauty Tips: 1) Always Refer to Your Mirror!!
Like many parks and city-county offices, we will be closed on Tues, May 8th for elections!
Follow Twitters Sickest Kids
Qudditch fascinates me.
I had to watch it......SMH
hey how are you?
Jairo is going
#IowaCaucusDay! Watching these polls change over the past few months has been insightful indeed....curious to see how this pans out
The average supporter is going to wait until the crisis is at level 10 to share information on social
In honor of 's National Womens Health Week partnership, follow !
we're stopping to smell the Lantana. Happy day.
you gave me the wrong number.
Kill them tonight lol
The Pella one-week sale ends Sat. Get 33% off Installation! Call Jeff (505) 362-0529 or to get locked-in.
If you aren't following , do so ... he's a fellow member of the Weimeraner Worshipers Society
Please follow me! ily u guys
Green Corona, Red Cornoa, Poo Corona.
For the record, I would have guessed an age a full decade younger.
i wonder whyy lol. Hope your head gets better kiddo :)
ideas are good, but making a point of acting on those ideas is the key to forward progress. Have you acted lately on what you’ve learned?
": That was ssoooo awesome, always a blast with my ;)"<---Had a great time!!!Needed that! Laughed A LOT!!!
It is who you know AND what you know.
in other news, i've been daydreaming abt all 4 coaches on The Voice wanting me, & what i'd say. & then i start misting tears of joy.
I may have a smile on my face but that don't mean I'm in a happy mood. I'm just very good at covering it up
I miss you on Smackdown!!!!! X'(
look at the bright side: Now your workspace has a citrus scent!
ahh...the good ol' days!
lol I meant to add more to that it wasnt for "the girl".. But it was eggs, bacon, French toast, fruit and OJ..
u too!
I've met loren in real life
yes, I passed all my proficiencies! :D and got first place in our 4x100 relay (:
Anyone else having trouble with their status on FB???
lol nice one
When you are engaging a vendor before the sale and they don't deliver on their promises, don't expect any different after the sale.
Martin! We'd love to see another Skillshare class in Philly. Looks like it got great reviews!
Thanks for the #FF, right back at ya! You all are awesome!
School SUPPA DRY!!
"Brothers on the Jock"..
I love my spastic kitty :)
Try not to sneeze at work whilst eating oatmeal.
And by checking in at Counter Burgers I definitely meant the Drybar...Opps
With a little creativity and advanced planning, your next casino party is sure to be a great success!
Satyam (Reality) is that which exists permanently i.e. in the past, present and the future.
Been in the sun for 3 hours, already burnt.
Scared of dress code... Hope I don't get in trouble..
This head has bones in it. its was nasty. i was like what is this. he said cheek. im like wahhhh
let's do it!
2 rebounds, 3 assists. scoring does not equal great, ask Melo.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune
Wow. I guess I can wait :)
Sum 41-m/
The best nicknames are the ones people don't know they have!
Me too! I just got very similar coat from White House Black Mkt but I like the trench style. Thanks!
At the airport!!
woot! Go Canada!! my parents are canadian so I was super happy too :D
Sometimes you have to clean up so you can see clearly!!!!
Antoniou's Towne Square pizza... Love it
things I did today: cut my own hair and saved myself $60.
Twitter like, never ever works after midnight
Seriously made my morning, thanks for sharing! Happy Monday to you too. :)
We LOVE our fans! Tonight maybe your night to win an iPad2.Easy,Fun & FREE to play.Put some excitment in your Mon. night's.www.playffnow.com
In PPR probably a safer play, but I still like the upside of Cribbs. In standard scoring Cribbs. Did you get Moore in last night?
Happy Jazz Thursday! Have a great summer evening!
I suspect we'll need as many fully empowered nurse practitioners and family MDs as we can get in 10 yrs
I'm just waking up! I thought it was a bad dream-cant believe we lost-DAAYYUMM!!
let me find a fuck to give......... oh wait, can't find a fuck.
you tried editing the java preference too?
! "Protesters chant 'thank you thank you' to lines of riot police as security forces stand back and let demonstrators pass in shubra #jan25"
RT : Counting the hours to my date with Don. I'm having an old fashioned. Love those
glad you liked the workshop!!!
it's actually the company you keep
I'll kick the crap outta Clayton.
Great meeting this AM!
Her mouth said "I love you", but her eyes said "I wish you'd founded Instagram."
thanks** hello) how a you?
Squirrel hunting with Amabile
“: Someone take me to the spott. I just wanna clear my head and watch sum airplanes.”///that place rocks!!!
Buon pomeriggio! Bom dia! Thursday greetings to my tweeps in the Italian and Portuguese tongue!
You know you're old when one of your staff members has no idea who Steve Garvey is.
I stopped being friends with my best friend because my other 'friends' wanted me to ignore her too. Im not even friends with those girls now
I'm so proud of you two! :')
RT : Any New Years Resolutions?...to be richer, smarter & stronger
she's a puppet.
Let him who is without 35mm preservation negatives, cast the first stone
Can't wait for some playoff action! #Blueandyellow!!
You are welcome america ": (OH at #shk12) a new drink: the "hamlet," a gimlet that doesn't quite know what it is"
you use nothing in your hair? or something else? hows that going?!
Feeling good this morning. Thank you LORD
hi what are u sloots doing?
aw! Thank you so much! I love you too, the new video will be out in 20 March xoxo
I call them April babies cause they fools!
It's World Smile Day - what makes your pet smile: belly rubs? extra long walks? a special toy?
charlie come to candy mountain charlie! oh mans.. I've missed that video.
How do I know when an avocado is perfectly ripe? What about Mangoes? Can you just help me with all fruits?
Bo on this snow!
#14 I like your bio :) and your icon :D
I hate you best buy for recommending a printer that doesn't work! The ink is full so stop saying it's not
YSL at the Denver Art Museum with and Momma!
Had my first week collab beer, Cheeky Yinzer. Nice job and
all your scars won't heal till you let go. you're perfectly worth it, forget your mistakes.
That awkward moment when a package says easy open.. And you end up using scissors, knife, hammer, 5 shots from a gun and a lightsaber.
most definitely...happy birthday #PaigeTurco!
btw, apartment hunting is a war and I'm losing.
no wonder it is beer o'clock before noon today!
please stop!! I'm starving
Do you think its rude to puke in the trash at the doctors office or do you think they expect it?
uhmmmm I MIGHT be there haha “: Morning ball tommorow. Waking up at 6 is not that fun! #BobaFett”
I just finished a 3.43 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Interesting allergy research. Thanks for passing it along!
followed you back:) xx
Ok, do I need to read The Hunger Games? ( )
Waiting for St. Nick
please tell me there will be an LA Sawtooth performance. I leave for the west in the morning.
yeah me too. I had a research paper to do.
Getting ready for another photo shoot.
My girlfriend just showed up to my #DJ gig!
Who has smoked a good #cigar lately? Details and where to buy.
I ONLY HAVE 20 FOLLOWEERS SO I GUESS WHERE ON THE SAME TRACK IF U KNOW WHAT I MEAN ???
birdy bird I can't wait to see your new badass car.
Having a great time at the RON WILLIAMS SHOW! Having a great time performing and Ron is doing an awesome job! HOW IS THE FINAL4! Need2NO
The Minimal Beat with DJ Billy Ocean is up next, it's so god.
Congrats on getting key to the city! #pikeville #HillBillyDays2012 #miners #America's #Real #Source of
Too much fun! RT no prob! Had tons of fun! Cc
hey Jake. Wash dies.
its a pretty tree
adele should go rolling in the deep in a spike pit
i do that when i get that becky
Hi Stacey, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
It's not my place to judge anyone. Nobody's perfect and no one but God will judge me.
Rocking my ninja turtle sweater to work today for tacky sweater day. Even though I don't think it's tacky lol.
You wanna know who is up there with demi on my "Powerful vocal" list? Ariana Grande. Seriously..her voice is beautiful & strong.
U just came from practice?
Did that bitch just say that? +.O
Summertime grind.. Trips to #Miami, #Cali & #NewYork hope my team is ready to make some neccessary moves, Working with beneficial connects!
The best time to make friends is before you need them. - Ether Barrymore
Packing up to shoot Legendary Easy Mo Bee in Greenpoint.
Just stopped at the ivory room, if your still in town!
"why are all girls obsessed with a deal?" - jack Keenan
#microstories "I'm ok, he doesn't hit me that hard."
I'm into that...have to look into it
will Noah and I see you tonight at Sophia's 4 the Extreme Moms meeting?
Guild wars 2 preorders are starting April tenth?! Oh sweet Jesus!!
RT : It is apparently a near fire-able offense in the newsroom not to know who Donna Summer is.
Everyone seems to be in a bad mood today ..
Will Phineas and Ferb ever go to school? Seriously lol it's been like three or two years of Summer for them and even in Wintr o.O
Everybody likes me
Map: The 12 States of America (income inequality and median family income changes over last 30 years) from
I woke up today and said fuck first period.
Had a great time @ The & Zo Show. I still feel the Novation.. Dope.
At least they find new and interesting ways to lose games
Hopefully you'll be next! I'll keep my fingers crossed for you!
every time i drive past the exit for Nyack I make that exact sound.
Just made my tattoo appointment for next monday !
Please follow me I saw your movie and It was very good i am a boy but that don't mean you can't follow me Please
Life changes
Mickey Mouse = Nathan Detroit & Minnie as Miss Adelaide
I trip when people laugh.
O.o i had dinner xD lol
it made driving through NYC the closest to tolerable its ever been
UGH I WANT THIS EXAM TO BE OVER WITH.
Tyler Hunt with a two-run triple w/ 2 outs in top of 7th -- his 3 hit of the game -- gives Fennimore a 7-2 lead after 6 1/2 innings.
Doesn't Kasey Hill have strong connections to Brandon Weems?
Why is morning now starting at 11 for me?
If was like crack,then I'm a junkie,and I'm about to get my fix in about ten minutes.Lol
When i got 2 school today i tried to tweet but i realized that the Wi-FI had pwd but one of my guy friends guess it and he told me :) yay
I was at my friends house, lookin' for hot neighbours. But find any. Better luck next time LLN
got my tan lines back :)))
#overthesummer I forgot the boy who doesn't care about me
6. When you see the Someday display, go and talk to the cutout like a normal person. Then hug it.
I ended up at Ardeo. Rabbit bolognese. Love Beck too!
its gna be crazy
The relative abundance of cabs helps, too.
Digging the Pink Martini show here at The Paramount with my sweetie. They sound fantastic in this room.
Hey it's BK, What song u wanna hear? the rumor is-Rolling Stones could be the musical guests on the season finale of Sat Night Live on 5/19.
Santa Margarita High defeats JSerra 8-0. Eagles' top line accounts for 7 of the goals
Looks like I missed my chance to go public but my affair with Herman Cain. What a man what a man what a man what a mighty good man.
What are you writing?
chaos in England
so do u feel big? n nah it's impossible to get me mad
Email, I thought it was over but then I realized I can't escape you M-F. You are like a bad breakup that won't end.
All this lightning...but where's da thunder?? LOL
thank you : ) social media has the power!!!
All my side bars are now under my post and the bottom attribution bar is where my side bar is. HELP!
Nothing but bowl games
I've always felt in total control of every aspect of my LIFE, but I'm learning that I cannot always be SUPERMAN. GOD has the FINAL word!
thank you!
One good thing about long distance? You don't have to deal with the aftermath of your boyfriend when your sports team loses.
#Twittermomentofsilence 4 Joe Paterno one of the greatest coaching iCons in History!!! send our prayers to his family!
Green eggs and ham. Does it really taste that good to be desired that much?
8700 at the dinner break. Still steaming over my two hand penalty.
Omg! Food is horrible at this banquet! It's cold! The chicken is COLD!!
#harlem Calling all artists, musicians, dj's, & creative types. Please join us tomorrow for Unleash Your Creative Voice and Meet the Artist
RT : Attorney just followed me on twitter
Hi there. How's the UK scene treating you these days?
Nothing quite like getting my ass handed to me to wrap up this Friday.
we're missing you! We brought tomato juice especially for you...
u okay??? “ Neither time nor alcohol helps how unhappy I am here. I tweet so I remember exactly how miserable I am in Tampa.”
lol there's always something getting in the way in my dreams. Once I dreamed I was gonna do it but the guy had no butthole. Scary.
This semi trucks drivers are a disgrace to society.
you guys are crazy ... Shane I gots ya $monet
American panini for lunch
my day isnt over yet. bleh
Fitta! hope all is good with you! :)
Oh, wow, I remember seeing that in Austin's Dobie theater ages ago. It was a fun movie.
Recording some new stuff w/
Soon come
I wish I was seeing you in August :'(
yep! Always something on this interstate :/
they cannot bring you down if they tried. you already know why.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep,because reality is finally better than your dreams(=
<-- Great Launch Party!!!!
Scott Simon confronts notion of "Total Preservation" in #saa11 keynote address
I had a concert tonight. How was it?
Where do you find the time to write? Can you squeeze a few words out at work, do you write when the spirit moves you or do you set word per…
Thank U! RT : that's so awesome! Seriously if u ever need help I would be glad to do anything
Big Show this Saturday with and ! We got a few tix still get at us :)
Nearly got doored on my commute into work today by someone getting out of their car on Valencia
Holy Rainstorms! Snowing in the mountains. Who has skiing snowboarding plans??? Pack your Patrick's Sunscreen before hitting the slopes!
Me too! ;) RT : Pumped about getting rejected thanks to
hey Barry thnx for the follow. Lkng forward to wrkng on Tornado project. I think I am going to limit grp to 2 or 3. Thoughts?
Hold on to your cowboy hats! From 'Way Out Here', will be cruising into Pensacola Beach for !
You know EMAC is the right program for you if: you spent your whole spring break following SXSWi panels.
Too many memories to name where the Beastie Boys served as the soundtrack.
Email me with the price of your current capper and I will beat that price! My prices will not be beat and the picks are MUCH BETTER
happy birthday to my mommy!!
Tired after balling at the Johnson Cent.
Don't even wanna predict the outcome of this game.
I don't care who says what about you, I think you're perfect in every way
how I said you were cute.
I've only been there for events. Would you recommend it for dinner?
Self-Assessment Group Report (April 22nd Get-together) | Exploring ...
Get your freaking tickets from us now!!! $45 flat!
Where is the newest promo video for with Julian, Louis, and Thomas?? It was up on youtube and now its gone :(
Already done! :) Love your stuff. Keep it up!
The boyfriend made asparagus soup tonight for din, it was creamy smooth delicious and still tons of leftovers
I fucking love u, your hair, and your pants
Google Fusion Tables. wow.
Good luck this weekend!
lol it doesn't matter. She heard what she wanted to hear lol
The ziplocks on tortilla bags are the worst ever.
U know I was playin lol. But for real she is pretty RT : lol..so mean! =)
Lilly's killed tonight! Tons of great players, DJ , AND a freestyle battle between saeed and maurice brown...yea.
If you're in Chicago and get picked up by the cops, be it NATO or whatever, DM me.
hadnt had a chance to rave yet but u nerds know how to party! Seriously, awesome job, next year i'll try to get ladies
#WhenIWasYounger I didnt know who was... :O
It is hot as hec out here
So is it 21 and older?
Looking to form volunteer #Tornado Warning Assessment Group in #Madison WI. Analyze current process advice changes. Contacts?
up at 245a, in the studio by 330a, test show, repeat for thursday. but guess what? i'll never bitch about it!
Started my morning in the lake. A bit choppy but all in all a good swim. My blueseventy suit wetsuit - top notch.
tweet me please ???
Getting ready to learn mind mapping from a new membeship site called Learn One Thing A Day.
he deserves about six cards. Shambolic refereeing.
Screw Rush Hour 2nite 5-7 $4 apps, half priced premium well drinks, draft beer and select wines. Start the weekend off Rockin'
Rise and shine!
Wow. Just, wow.
Chris Mullin much bigger star from childhood through college andNBA, love has been a surprise, no one believed he would grt
Out of my 529 followers none of you followed !? Wow
|+~-!- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Thx Dennis! Glad you're finding that good info. How've you been today?
The 2010-2011 season at The Hillman Center for Performing Arts begins August 21 with “Let the Good Times Roll”: A Ray Charles Tribute....
Patt Morrisson: lost opportunity of 9/12. Didn't ask for sacrifice, didn't capitalize on the unity we had.
Each person comes into your life for a reason. When someone leaves our life figure out what you've learned and thank them for it.
when you're better looking than your ex's new boyfriend
RT : On anniversary of OBL killing, Pew poll finds most Muslims in Mideast, Pakistan have poor view of al Qaeda...
Tonight's Special: French Dip w/ Thyme Au Jus & Choice Side $12!
I would TOTALLY buy Bud Light Muenster...but that's just how I do it.
LOVE IT!!!
We are now testing Arq Backup For One Of Our Office Mac - Shaping up to be "Best In Class" for Cloud Storage On The Mac -
Great dinner with and Sheryl from TekWorks. Talking #AudioVisual and #Architecture over sushi.
Filming the funny today!
Jon you mean?
lol ok 20 questions so we can get to know each other a little better. sharing is caring!
We just had to dress my dad; it's like he's a little kid. Only the Jay family hah
WILL BE AT THE Ventura Comedy Festival 2012 FROM OCT1 -7 ALL WEEK LONG VENTURA CA, GONNA BE A ROCKIN WEEK OF COMEDY I CAN USE YOUR SUPPORT
yummy....send some my way...im starving but too lazy to get food. haha
Sorry Joey :)
i don't really think about it because none of it means anything for the season. we can sign brady and not make the playoffs
Surprised how little I miss having a house or car or really any of my other worldly possessions... but I do miss my dog. :(
Went to a audition today it went pretty decent. Like always got some things to work on and improve.
The trunk or treat went amazing! Now time to attempt to wash all this glitter out of my hair... Hm...
has a very accurate opinion of my day to day activities
What to get for her or do ? O.o
Can get twitterific to work . This sucks
I hate the cold!! Anything under 60 is to cold for me
The voicemail he just left me :D >>>
OMFG! I think we all need to sit down and STFU about all these rumors! Do t believe everything the paparazzi says! It's just causing drama!
haha true if you're gonna do it, might as well make some paper with it lol
Pls do a story on the impact of false accusations against PPD officers.. Get the Wyatt transcript & read it unanimous verdict
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind. .....Dr. Seuss
Let’s promote peace and tranquility - TUC
Dont be upset and caught up in something u cannot change. Instead, move on and smile. U deserve to be happy.
ok. Let me know.
whoa, brutal much. Jk. But people should be forced to read this chapter cuz its so good :D
Time you get the courage to follow your own dream, because doing what THEY love to get what YOU want will always leave you wanting.
Between family and perfunctory studying for an IT certification, I am an absentee blogger. Two more days. WANT TO GET THESE F'ING POSTS UP
because it's so awful that everybody turns it after watching the first 3 awesome shows...
The soups, sandwiches and salads are prepared fresh daily in each neighborhood Firehook Bakery store!
She is currently freelancing. :)
Kalipari vs Self in the championship again. Hope Kalipari win this one this time. Need for Kentucky to grab a win
Today I wash, clean, & finish my work. Tomorrow I chill & schwag as usual
My best friend in ballet is 26 years old..I need friends my own age.
Just you, all SD American Idol contestants and the San Diego Chicken.
No, iPhone autocorrect. Stop changing it to cumin. I'm trying to talk nasty, not dole out recipe's.
Life's to short to be anything but happy!
'zactly my thought when I saw 'em.
I hate this school.
I'm sure he meant it ironically.
Be to her virtues very kind, be to her faults a little blind. ~ Matthew Prior
anyone still need some garth tickets? i know someone that needs to get rid of some. hit me up.
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man given. Be grateful. Conceit is self given. Be careful. (P. Sergio)
: gracias! Hope your weekend is amazing too! :)
About to wake up the 2nd grader for school. Teacher Appreciation Week here so busy, busy.
how precious.
Yeah You Know :) .
Oh why you so cute?
World: I have finished my grading. Let's celebrate.
I feel sick :[
Can't believe there's going to be 8 keynotes at #codcon12!
I'm good thanks you
RT>> Get Fast & Curious on iTunes! Plus upcoming & Sy Smith shows (NYC, ATL, TX, DC) & more! (RT please!)
Oh fun. All connected.
I didn't even get to school yet and I can't wait for the end of it
Sad news that Pat Summitt is stepping down at Tennessee. Sending prayers her way in her battle with dementia.
OMFGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG MY BABIES
So sweet to know that someone cares(:
Almost Done reading a book
#top100lies i dont need a men for the moment sorry..
looking forward to running into you two again today
Get in your last-minute shopping early today -- we'll only be open from 10am - 2pm (and closed tomorrow for the holiday!)
Glued to the TV watching Idol...
I burn baby burn like disco inferno
lol it's ok, she's someone else's problem now. If I could reprogram my teenage daughter I'd be set. Lol
It's Friday! That means opening of #largerthanlifeexhibit! Thanks to InteriorArchitectureStudents for designing & installing!
On my way to Anthology I stumbled upon Crossfire Invictus. I feel out of shape just watching these peeps. Bah!
The Dems, who have held the majority for years, were completely blindsided by the manueuver.
What is the USED's stance on the Student Success Task Force in California? Is the state qualified to define community success?
FTW! Vengeance shall be mine, sayeth #JonJones!
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral. -A.SaintExupery
I'm crying. I can't with my emotions.
standing desk, week 2!
Antiquated #Yankees should not run aggressively.
#DontBeMadAtMeBecause im not always with you. i have other friends.
Thanks for checkin out Olivia!! <3
During dinner I thought to myself, "I'm definitely going to find a Pinterest mango sticky rice recipe when I get home." Done!
The "tooth brush holder" serves one purpose...please recognize and conform
Presenting to Sage Millennium customers at SCMUG today. All about community and what's next with
Oh I need some of those sites as well!
Goodbye, world, I just got Max Payne 3.
whats your favorite number?
Men & women who have gone to war, gather w/ their families & friends for a dawn service that heralds the start of #ANZACDay |
Human progress never rolls in on the wheels of inevitability..without hard work, time becomes an ally of the forces of social stagnation-MLK
EVERYONE follow you'll love her tweets! :)
Another Oregon sunshine afternoon! Its okay with us though. A lil hydration never hurt anyone. ;)
Just Woke Up Haha Going To Pure Energy Later #PureEnergy(:
#Morning! *Everyone! *║*║* Hope you enjoy an #Inspired/ #Creative Day! *║*║* Stay safe!~xox
I just want to read one chapter of this novel without interruptions. Is that too much to ask for???
Thanks for the RT, Lauren. We are excited to have you at #CUAEF this weekend!
Haha uh oh PITT is driving.
I just finished 'Zenzele' (so great!) and I am starting 'The Humbling' by Philip Roth. Also reading several mindfulness books.
Not a chance,my OCD is kicking into gear now,Silly?Maybe,but you wouldn't pet a Gator in the Swamp would you?
miss your sweet ass too! when u free m'lady?
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. - Albert Einstein
Let's fall in art together.
Who needs visuals?!?! email your boi #forthelow #videos/photos
what happened to your car ?
Im extra stoked!! My bro is going too woop woop!!
I always end up friends with my brothers girlfriends, I get to tell all the funny stories
The Forbes Fan Poll names the most hated NBA player - over LeBron James & Kobe Bryant. Ouch.
Getting pumped for the #Eagles at #JazzFest #Nola !!
I swear this week is moving at the pace of a snail...
Come out to the Wall Street bull tonight for a wonderful treat! We know it's raining but you don't want to miss this! 6pm! Bring flowers! RT
To me she also seemed afraid of her too lol
I wonder how the Hawks owner feels about KG now?
I guess by the end of July, I'll have taken either 48 or 51 credits since September. Been an exciting first year here.
Call your momma
#NDSA 2 set record straight, James Snyder, LC MBRS, said 'All digital preservation is physical preservation' not
Me and gunna rock this presentation tomorrow!!! Lemme get a "WAY OH"
Why do things have to be so complicated!!
I figured as much...will have to wear my kevlar the next time I see y'all!
Newt is very smart but unfortunately in a kinda vile, evil, despicable way.
I won't stop until I've made a difference.
Articles, tips, ebooks, ecourses and more...they're all helpful but don't forget to take ACTION with all your newly discovered knowledge.
Person threatening to jump off 22nd street bridge in
Mother's Day is coming up! I want to thank all the mommies who have loved us from day zero. You are
tonight we done, in San Diego!!!!!!!
I think the smell last night should have been called "patas a lo Maximo" lmao
hoping maybe one time you'll see my tweet ;) love you!
I like to have a lot of fresh fruit around and chocolate chips in my pancakes
Turn Up
At The Drive In was good. El Paso representin'
Jonah has taken to cutting out the middleman and is jamming his baked tofu directly into his diaper. Bravo for efficiency, my boy!
Thanks for the RT! Hope the show is a success!
I know that. My grandmother died from it. Thanks for making me sound like a bad person. Hope you have a nice day. (:
Goddamn, New York... Don't be afraid to unbutton past the 2nd button
These females need to learn coming outside with your head not comb is not whats up... Baby get a comb, brush, or a wig
Bro's before Hoe's! Chicks before Dicks! Does anyone abide by the code anymore?!
The #newplay campaign, Free the Beast, is exciting news-but how much of that $4 mill over 10 years goes to admin. costs?
RIP Junior Seau. The sadness surrounding so many football players' lives after the game makes it hard to watch anymore.
yup, depends how bad they are haha
they're so into each other again!!! WOOOOHOOOOO i love em together *_*
Really enjoying moderation style and substance. Learning a lot.
I-81 S (near Martinsburg) CLOSED at x8 w/ a SERIOUS Tractor Trailer accident involving a School Bus and a passenger vehicle.
Who would of thought rubber duckies would be so difficult to find #fail of the day.
You'll never understand how much I love you. & still care for you.
Yeah, it's pretty tight, not gonna lie, keep up the good work!
Haha isn't at school so therefore I'm leaving early....
Been in a lot of pain all day. Hope tomarrow is a much better one. Dam zombies
The Prime Minister was rockin' the sport coat.
Big game for Milwaukee Bucks tonight!
I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home. - Robert Orben
WTF IS GOIN ON RIGHT NOW IN GREENSBORO,NC ... THIS SHIT.CAME OUTTA NO WHERE...
it does make dc more hipster.
Performing with the Voci Angelica Trio this Friday. For more info visit www.vociangelicatrio.com
When someone hurts you, You learn to be stronger, when someone leaves you, you learn to be more independent..
When are you guys coming to New York?
same here
OMG so HOT!
ugh who actually cares about school? you…? of boy going over to the dark side.. i should probably do my homework
rich bitch
Dude! Get in there and give 'em a piece of your mind. "Pardon, I couldn't help but to overhear..."
Hahaa... judging from the colors you're 1/5 step into the season. Did you do your own nails?
Things I like about research: Thinking about something over and over until you realize.: holy crap that is awesome
Has enough fun for one day today was a great day indeed! I feel very lucky to have amazing friends in my life. Treasure the little moments.
no negative vibes here-- I am Switzerland :) Just a friendly prod.
haha gotcha... Then yes you are very antisocial lol!
In order to have great customer service, you have to have customers.
haha I know I have been shopping a lot >.< fuck it haha
Well don't!
Somebody talk to me!!!
MB location will be opening for brunch on the weekends effective immediately, first 30 guests will get a Simmzy's trucker hat too
ok I'm not sure how far along she is..but I'll let u know when she delivers :-)
Boi I'm too nice -___-
At 's Rudis art show opening, DJ is killing it with favs for the 30+ crowd. Come check out the great prints.
Off to rent car for conference & sitting with cast of Hangover. 6 guys +groom on way to bachelor party. Hope not at our hotel!
Just swam in a quarry. New thing for me.
Mom and Tim have landed and are off to the beach! 3 more hours until I can start my long weekend with the fam :)
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP<
yep, I made the decision to this upcoming summer. I'm torn bc I want to be by the beach but studio city is where the work is.
I manage my time so well, that nap was defintely neccessary. #WowCourtney. -_-
In a mood. Wish I wasn't in school right now so I could jam hahaa.
I know that even with the seams stitched tightly darling, scars will remain.
If your gonna fight someone. Make sure its just you two. No need for other people to jump in just cuz you cant fight your own battles.
I hate that to which is why I usually block people who I see doing it because it's so annoying
Anyone know of any part time first shift jobs??
aye appreciate the shout out
Hey Twitter" feeling GREAT :) ready to conquer the world so if your not with me get out of my way!! ♥ NAMASTE ♥
Life is short! Make the most of it today.
Time goin by so slloooowww been here since. 9 a.m. and i still got 7hours b4 im off lol
I'm in. Let me know if there is a theme other than #slsa12 's "nonhuman"
i guess im finna c was going on fb
Korver was screaming for the ball! Why all the blame on Lucas? NO ONE WANTED TO SHOOT!
Up early to get ready for The Great River Race! I'll be paddling 12 miles on The Mighty Mississippi today!
TY for the mention, you are appreciated.
Pretty sure in the last two days this is the hardest I've studied all semester
im crying now cause i saw harry might be going solo on google news
Getting woken up by tiny earthquakes... Life in SF.
- ONE YEAR REMOVED FROM 19 GOALS FOR BARCE? GET A CLUE
I like the idea. The mic should be IN the pit. Somebody talk to David Lynd about this.
Happy Birthday, ! (:
RT If you need Maguire's Meatloaf today!
follow me back x)
Hey. I'm looking for sales reps for Stoner Couture ? Seeking cool, connected girls who know retail / wholesale. Any interest ??
will definitely hit up my favorite #bubbletea joints tomorrow!
What a gloomy day
“: I'm drunk and wana fuck #whyarentuhere #hurryup #crazygfproblem” that's when girls end up fucking up relationships
Havel leaves a stable democracy in his wake. Il Jong leaves an unstable dictatorship for us to worry over. Sorry.
I actually don't care to help dad with the cows. The baby ones are adorable! 
She's going to say something like, "If I hadn't said anything, people wouldn't have voted for you." RUDE
haha. The Broken Bells playlist is usually good, but it's not perfect.
Why is Facebook chat confusing now? Perfect time for Google+ to swoop in
#duke hit some open looks please
I had two very happy tables tonight when I convinced them to order the #Ferrari-Carona Chardonnay.
Universal City Walk in a bit(:
Everyone please give a warm welcome to my bestfriend she's new to this follow her she's
fantastic! Great idea to come early
I just want a place to sit with my laptop. I promise to consume a coffee or scone on the hour every hour.
no D; my brother took my laptop is iT good ? :D
I need the exact link for the video. Shoot it to me
It's ok, I said it for you. Papa John's Pizza,
rum diaries requires a bottle of rum on the side. One shot for every 5 mins :)
SAY MY DAWG U GOT ANY TRAKS FOR ME I GOT U ON SUM SHIT LET ME KNOW HIT ME UP
RT : Interesting few days travelling through Ethiopia with Bob Geldof. Results on News at Ten this week
Don't forget my answer- Paul Ryan 4 his budget, bravery 4 taking on entitlements; & standing strong wen hit by fellow Rs like Newt
woot!!! MT : #Caps score at 4:20 of the 3rd period. John Carlson with his 2nd goal of the playoffs on the PP. #Caps lead 2-1.
#YouKnowHerCoochieStink if her name is Renata.. Something about that name says Stank!
You're pathetic.
SRS3 tonight at music starts at 930ish...
This is the problem with the we have crazy people and geriatrics playing for us
At #ncsl officials say that states leaving their exchanges to the feds should be careful since we don't yet know what theyll look like
do crappy weekends always end on time? I hope Jeff made it off the mountain with his girls. C u mañana.
It's a good idea to limit baby's exposure to people who are sick for first few months, and have all visitors wash hands before holding baby.
That kid is amazing. When he runs inside the box and does teh tickets... unbelievable.
Wanting to make soup. Too tired.
Excited to have Sponsorist as one of the Florida startups in the Partnership
4M is saving people a lot on insurance, find out what we can do for you. www.4minsurancesolutions.com
Today's workout P90X2 Recovery and Mobility. I'm actually going to do this for the first time today. Usually I rest on Wednesdays.
they would trade coaches in a heartbeat. They're so jealous of Calipari, they can't stand it.
So i really really want to follow me i freakin love him i will scream so loud if he do 😍😍😍
RT : Congrats to #Badgers senior Kyle Jefferson for winning President's Award for work with SAESO and SAAC
good morning right back at you! Gorgeous in NYC too
Why is everyone talking about May 4th being star wars day? Star Wars was released on May 25, you are all stupid
Yah! Lunch is still on tomorrow fo sho!! Quatros milpas?! What time? =) I leave for NY on Fri so I'll update you tomorrow!
it's called Hawaii. Abby and in the high 70s every day.
RT : After all it was a great big world...
Guys who don't hate on 💜
This is just sad
Every pore soaked in beauty and wonder today. Thank you gorgeous Cunningham dancers and administrators!
Or a few percent of adults sext multiple people?
RT IF YOU LOVE TWITTER WAY MORE THAN FACEBOOK
The next will be Friday, May 20 @ 8 am at at State/Dearborn in the Loop
great job!
Can u share which beach?
NYC I see you baby.
What a beautiful Grand Slam that was!!!!!!
“: I want a garden” watch your phone get taken away
I know and makes me sad :(
...it took me 3 days to figure out what "whats sup" meant. I'm a bit slow in some areas and too fast in others.
About to go work out w/ my lil bros and sis
they say l'm this, they l'm that. they won't give a chance, no. but l do what l want l'm a grown ass man, so please STFU.
- yea she's good. So then what y'all do ?
Why oops?lol ha :))
The 10 OL making the list: Kalil, Pouncey, Evans, Mankins, Nicks, Long, Thomas, Penn, Peters and Staley
Its fine by me, if you never leave. Oh its fine by me. .
Car got picked up tomorrow, should be here sometime next week!... So excited!... Back in bizz-nezz <3
“: Melo showing heart and guts but we are gonna lose him for the season if he hurts his groin more! get him out of this game!!”
Upper West Side.
Ecuador chocolate cake>>>>>>>
You go, Girl. As an author, I appreciate your blogging and tweeting.
I'm detecting a lack of enthusiasm.
#CabinintheWoods is the smartest, funniest, scariest, BEST horror film since Scream. Perfect.
it is....I have barely looked at my first three chapters that I'm rewriting. I won't need my original until about chapter 4.
Also, huge thanks to and for bringing Lord of War and Chase Walker to THE UNDERGROUND today. I love those guys.
yeah, i know it'd suck alot! :P But y'know you'll find someone exactly like that one day, as loving and caring as austin(c)
"Where you invest your Love you invest your life!"
Oh you crazy kids! :)
my dad told me there were blizzards in texas right now so be careful when you go home <3
Just had a great conversation with Boerne HS head coach, Kimble McHone. Super nice man & class act. His dad is Mo, CBA coaching legend.
I AM AN UPCOMING MUSIC PRODUCER AND A STUDENT AT THE LOS ANGELES RECORDING SCHOOL.
RT ": Kevin Durant is good." //you're just NOW realizing this? Where u folks been?
And the Knicks win it. Huge victory & closing in on the playoffs! Too bad Lin can't get back in the game. NY needs to fire on all cylinders!
#nowwatching Jeff Dunham. It's not very amusing.
I hope phase 2 is gonna be in c.hill! I'm on my way there (:
What five things can you do today towards your success? Commit to your
I need to help convince your mom to get you an iPhone.
After a certain point, you are your worst enemy in this business. I don't see how rappers fall off.
Don't forget the raffle for the Ipod Shuffle! Earn 4 entries. Follow us on Twitter, FB, Be a gold card member, or sign up for email updates.
why is everyone lying to this boy!?
which girls?
that you will get through this with an even better job that doesn't stress you out so much!! :)
March Madness. Just found out that my favorite American Idol is in DC.
Feel Better I Miss You N Love You Bro #NoHomo I was thinking bout u all week Feel Better! U Gunna be back in no time to bruh
Dnt come at me wit no wack as lines come at me rite im a lady an deserve tha best
Lose: Don't, Can't, Must, Should, and No from your vocabulary if you want new creative ideas from your team.
IF U AINT BOUT YO WORD WTF IS U BOUT?
hm... gettin creative now ;)
Easy The Jackson 5! What do I win?
Church picnic time!
what song nigga?!
Training in the rain after two classes off, with a neck that isn't swiveling quite right-Love it! :-)
Sending positive thoughts to as she has surgery today!
Have students read the whole text in print, then hyperlink only an extract - that way, more likely they'll read both.
Last month our users crawled over 551 MILLION web pages
Just watched 2012 national dance team championships on espn. First Lady is totally corrupting me
finally broke down and got NYT digital subscription (on special). Ah. thirst quenching content!
Shower Time !
I 💛 this so much. All of this.
Thanks to our non– Wisconsin listeners who are powering or downloads today.
I've got to try this out!
blessings to you and fam.... hope all is well with you.. praying for you and moms everyday! always remember I'm here for ya!
yes when i ready
Photography Workshop with ! It's about time I learn to catch great photos of my baby!...
For live tweets of relevant fact-checks from tonight's #wirecall debate,
AWP people! The A Face to Meet the Faces anthology is available at the Barn Owl Review/U. Akron Press table at the book fair, C25
That bot is a P-I-G pig.
My favorite producer in the game is . I say that respectfully to all the legends.
good point. They said April, then "spring", then I said "Soon? Please?"
Have a great time and thanks for using ShowClix!
You know what's really awesome? Going to sleep instead of waiting for inevitable server explosions at a Blizzard launch
Looking forward to your #Type A Mom gift list!
feel like i skipped a beat here - applying for entry level jobs a year or so too late
you can come by our stand at 14th and U on Saturday or Bloomingdale on Sunday. Does that work?
"I call everyone 'darling' because I can't remember their names." - Zsa Zsa Gabor
Nice ass
Tim Tebow is a class act guy regardless of faith. This still is a team sport, all egos aside. He will add as a great backup.
Thanks everyone who has streamed or downloaded our first single "Long Island's Dead!"
they call me Absters... :P everyone calls me that now because of Andy -abbie
I love a good thunderstorm.
that brings the cool! #Smbme glad your team is here!
oh em gee! So excited! Found out I will be competing nationally! maybe.... let's hope ((:
#goal - Math: A
I totally agree, your thoughts can guide you towards success or lead you to disaster
no way! :) we're super pumped for it!
My 2 birds are all full of themselves now bec I'll be talking about them at New York Comedy Club on Sat. at 8. OMG did I just do a plug? ;)
Two thousand dollars for ice? I can get an Eskimo for two hundred dollars and make my own ice. ~ Horse Feathers
That awkward moment when nothing is really awkward.
hey guys, we have a song practially finished! Go LIKE us on facebook, and we'll try and release it! facebook.com/MissingInAlaska RETWEET!
watching "beauty and the beast" :)
It's on ESPN3 if your Internet provider there plays nice with the worldwide leader.
It's because his swag was too much for them to handle
Pudgilesque. gotcha. We should all go to Searsucker (cq) for a drink...
Time to enjoy this beautiful weather
nope I am quite focused on them lol
Happy weekend Twitter friends!
Mr. Irrelevant in John Hughes draft tough call. May be between Cameron from Ferris Bueller & The Geek from Sixteen Candles
Baltimore tune n 2 abc channel 12 or 2...watch n see who will be Popn it...;)
Thank ya! We'll be releasing new songs very soon!
Who is gonna win?
i miss my ipod. CANT WAIT until my birthdayy
Honestly, I think i'm getting addicted to Skillet.
The rest of us have not all seen the other live ones. We will all decide which one to use on Monday :)
Tony Roberts just put it dwn for philly u a funny bull lookin forward to the next show!!!
: I love that camera shop
I did, and finished all the assignments relating to it thank GOD!!!!
Get stabby. Literally.
I'm up. I'm just too lazy to get off my bed.
So ready to work the event wit and #southernhoopsreport #
Keep getting calls from some scam called the U.S. Gov't Grants Ctr. Not surprised when the dishonest ignore do-not-call lists.
On the third day he rose again.. Happy Easter everyone!
we've done better this season
what u my biggest fan
This really shouldn't be as hard as it is.
FINAL from DB Milne Field... 21 Fresno St 2!!!
exactly what it say foo .
#nowplaying "Red Car" from The Complete Art Pepper at Ronnie Scott's - June 1980 LPs. Art had soul, and a voice all his own.
why aren't you hanging with us this weekend?
haha I knew it wouldn't take you long! New Incubus is pretty good.
I love you babe hurry home
RT : #Ethiosoccer will be held in DC ------> follow for more info July 1st - July 7th,2012!!!!!!!"
RT : Let's see if we can help you grow your fans...post your business with @ and the name . Join in... fb.me/G0Gbz9EO
“: i miss catchin oops and handin out posters”. Those are called dreams!!! Lol
Who's coming to #AWP12?
I got a man he gotta lady
#IWantYouTo be honest with me, no matter what!
CAUSE I'M PSYCHIC! ;)
o better than me. I dropped orchestra this semester. I'll probably resurrect Fred this summer.
Just realized people who put "like this for a truth is" on fb have no lives, and people who like it, definitely like the attention?
Will y'all be my Valentine?
Dont worry aunt cindy....ill be with you sooner than you think.
Hubby just walked by and only noticed the "pervert and discipline" part of your sentence and said "What the hell are you doing?"
would love to know what it is...
Let's give away a pizza today! Just RT & tell your fave pizza topping for a chance to win free large pizza! We'll say winner @ 5pm
...end of September for a few nights. I HOPE. No hurries...just planning ahead. And day dreaming.
feel free to do mine too
I'm hurt. I like Jazzy fizzle better now!!!!<\3
Family time :)
Wow. This officiating sucks. How do you miss the net being off the moorings for that long?
Implement blogging into your eCommerce marketing efforts to reach more people and grow your eCommerce store
Happy Birthday!!!! Hope its a great one. Sending you the love!!!!
Maybe. Probably.
RT Is #JETSNATION ready for Sunday night!?...Hell yeah boys!!!
Stoked for Wu Tang tickets in hand...
Home ownership sounds exciting and it is- but wait til you can put 20% down. PMI is a killer.
Morning Farmers...Swing by the Farm for Serenity Sunday & receive 10% off all concentrates! Our strain of the day is Purple Paradise,
Would love to check out a portfolio of your work!
welcome to Twitter! #Funky7 in #RoyalOak is #SouthDetroit's exclusive retailer or visit us online at www.southdetroitshirts.com
Yes it has, I'm good..
Fingers crossed you wake up good as new!
Au contraire, mon ami -- there definitely are Debutante Balls in the North East. I knew people who went to them.
Agreed. Now we just need to convince him to co-host a show with us!
CONGRATS AND WELCOME TO THE FALCONS!!!!
NEW STUFF COMING TO MOJO'S WORLD SOON!!!! SEND REQUESTS!!! :)
I did and did. Hope things are going well for you!
my mac is a whore, but i don't know what i would do without it. i think i would cry if any other computer was my daily one
Don't want shit to do with nobody from that way , mfs be playing BOTH sides .
TGI-FRYday!!! Free small Waffle Fry with the purchase of any Entree and regular drink purchase!
Me! Already have my tickets!
Quick interlude of Twitter-style impotent rage: GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER, CLIPPER CARD.
holiday lunch and "events" today. First stop Second stop is a place where I will kick some ass.
don't be sad wed :(
USDA confirms mad cow case in central California
the hs that built a baseball team for Roy Oswalt to play on...is reportedly being consolidated...thx Dad for calling to share the bad news
Len's 'Steam My Sunshine'
Curried Lakeview is OPEN nightly til 9pm for pick up and delivery...3227 N. Clark --
yeah I think it would be like 3 Kilimanjaro's in a row. Level 15.
Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends!!!!
lol girl please
This conversation is going nowhere.
its hard if you write five to six page long chapters ;_;
At SERU panel where co-chair of committee to draft user guidelines for electronic resources is uncomfortable w/ using computer.
Drinking a hazed & infused w/ Great beer been wanting to try this for a while!
Anothher days work : Helping with her metal work (decapitating people, worshiping satan, carving pentagrams in forehe ...
Oops I mean never return # fail
Happy 3.14159265358979323846264338327950288419716939937510 Day! (Special thanks to my Geometry teacher for a # I can't forget)
I had an awesome weekend too!
Have you seen the new movie? Watching it, I remembered how meta The Muppets are—explains a lot about my generation. :)
eather way what ever they say its the best thight for me
Hi Janet, thank you for your kind words. You should visit the islands. Call me & I can help (#401-258 2672). Beijos, Victor.
The maple bacon donut from is so simple but so genius. would love it :)
TY & ditto ! RT Movers & Shakers I admire
If You Are Still Working With A "gmail, yahoo, msn" mail".....get out of my face with your cliche music bullshit...
EFF YOU BELLY RING. HURTING ME AND ISH
Hopefully never have to hear any more of the Tebow bullshit again.
Oh indeed.
How's am I supposed to do that. Come on, think before you Tweet.
Tech difficulties
Happy Thanksgiving Sweetie
Guess what I love?
I LVE YOU FOREVER
LETS GO SPURS!!! <3
Arg P90x I loathe you and yet...somehow...love you.
Im just telling you the basics, of growing up with ya friends and being the one that made it....
Joel Pett has a filthy mouth! I've heard nipple & the p-word on KSR today.
Yes ma'am.
try Perception Salon and Spa in Carytown great location awesome service, talented stylists, great price
"We used to be really close and now I'm lucky if I get a hi :(" :(.
That can be your Christmas present to moi.
Incredibly stressful. Was @ the food pantry all day when the hiccups hit & couldn't do anything 'til I got home. They're...
WE HAVE BORN FLY IN COME AND GET IT!!!!
I don't get excited when my phone vibrates bc i know it's only twitter.
RT: : Do you know what time it is? Just 11 days and counting...
Had a good night :)
Tony Bennett is? I've had the pleasure of recording him in the studio several times. A GREAT talent!
hi Tyler I love you,I really hope you'll follow me soon!!!!!!!!!!!!
Welcome to Twitter, cuz.
should've seen it coming
looking forward to visit to the Lit and New Media group today!
ok.. as I read about the google+ hangout masks last week, I thought, how stupid. Now that I have a reason to use them.. funny!
CANNOT WAIT!!!!! RT Episode 2 tonight
would u post some material on your site if I sent it to u and its hot?
#bands #music #FF Support the music you love!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
<3 Go go dolls!
Sleepwalking more prevalent than you think. Watch HCMC sleep expert Michel Cramer Bornemann MD on Tuesday morning!
Heading 2 the state fair at 7 to go show off our piece. Will b there till the 26th. So go check out our piece and vote for it so we get loot
and there will come a time, you'll see. with no more tears. and love will not break your heart but dismiss your fears. <3
Lakers gonna bring it tonight
Thank you for following!
WELL SOMEBODY KILL IT ALREADY
Dev is such an a-hole.
Happy Holidays Everyone!
Siri-eriously ??? not me-not yeti
did I mention that the trumpet choir piece i started writing few weeks ago is a tango?
Anyone else want to take home with them?:)
Alright I'm off to bed goodnight (:
how many ordered have there been total?
not bad. finished my talks in almost exactly 5 min. the timing was the only stressful thing, i guess! good luck!
The rule is perfect: in all matters of opinion our adversaries are insane. Mark Twain (1835 - 1910
i need co-owners 4 this account :/
2 words, people: "veggie straws"
Good idea! Hm, what are we good at?
WTH - going on vaca tomorrow and now my nose starts acting like i have a cold. Not today germs and allergies GO AWAY!!!
Leaving the club
Smh...when you grow up, then maybe things will change. Till then don't be surprised why things aren't going your way
RT : Forget Cinco de Mayo come celebrate 's bday on 5/5 starting at 7ish! Let's do this!
#WhatILove the lord almighty.
no, she's probably gonna say no though, cause she let me get my lip pierced.
And thank you for your support! RT : Thank you for a lovely evening & delicious meal! <3
It IS. And also not a surprise ;)
Pulling an all nighter #3D scanning whale fossils in Chile!
stopped by Audobon School's June Jam
I think it's time for a change
amare stat is so dumb selfish ass
Follow for some GREAT quotes .(:
He's so intense! He gets completely out of control even in regular season. Calls every game like Game 7! He's just the best.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers :-) R.I.P. Mom, I love you :-)
Wait, what did MWP do?
Looks like you made 10K followers today. Congrats!!
Nope def not...I agree 100% on that one.
Slow night.. Closing early ..10.30pm come on over
Thanks for shout-out about my classes. Look forward to perhaps seeing you there...
A Woman holds it down but A Lady never brags about it 💋
I believe Drew took it over and changed it. I left in July.
Windows are open and people watching is at it's best. Milwaukee's best sidewalk patio is ready to serve you w DJ Justin on the decks
#incaseyoudidntknow I'm not watching American Idol ...I only watch the auditions BUT good luck to them tonight
... the thing about Evangelical Christian voters is, they think God and the church can fix the economy. But, the gov must stop gay marriage.
Aww :(": Got dammit car started smoking..this can't be life"
JORDAN: 6 Guess that's why everybody loves him...more than Kobe
Just did a sneak preview of our show for the Seniors at the YMCA. So much fun and great to have a responsive audience before we open.
Good you ;)
I wanted to get sick and now that I am sick, I don't want to be sick /:
I really hope my team isnt mad at me. I had a really bad family issue:(
I want to go see "how to succeed in buisness without really trying" so I can meet nick Jonas :'3
me too. I loved him and Dickens taught me about real hardship at youngish age. A2: Pip from Great Expectations!
where is the ice cream from?
Thank you Make-a-Wish for such a wonderful trip to Disney World. Elise had an amazing time. You really do make wishes come true!
wow i can't believe it's 8pm in vegas over her 11pm
mane its like jumping trying to see him i dont even seem him at much as i used to and its pissing me off
lol no thats next years potential plans ell came up with
Mo is the Man!
Just heard Andre 3000 will be playing a role as "Jimi Hendrix" in a movie "awesome"!!!!
#justsouknow the time to plan to win is now
A Good Appetite: With This Mussel Sauce, One Spoonful Leads to the Next
haha just tell me when :P
people talking about shit I know nothing about
Mobile payment capability will be targeted by malware, malicious apps.
I keep going cross eyed at my phone unintentionally.
it's especially good now that we can comment on drawrings!
Good music,though.
Dear John #ChanningTatum ❤❤❤❤
Are people that are from there freaking out at all?
Pretty sure that Godaddy uses customer #s instead of aliases as well as ridic passwords to keep customers from stopping renewals on domains.
but on the real i had hella fun with my group doin the project
y ya'll co-worker keep running up and down this damn isle? Lmao!
Man oh man, lotta drunkin girls on my lap rite now. #LML The night was so good. Buzzed and ready to go on a journey!
and I can't go anywhere without causing trouble.
My "Man-V" is getting intense.
I send a lot of things and so far she has tweeted me each time saying she got loved my gift, I hope so they cost alot of $
I am thankful for the high ceilings in the newsroom... It covers up smells.
I'm 111 pages into the Hunger Games-- really a great read so far. Plan to finish tonight!
LOL what the hell, I'm going on Saturday!
Ok then, need another plan for world domination!! How would "come cov with me" sound? I bring z list celebs to cov 4 a date with u?
#Vikings draft S Harrison Smith with the 29th pick in the
Ugh my brother eats everything :(
#AdrianGonzalez only has 2 HRs this season. No wonder the #RedSox aren't winning games. As HE gets nailed to load 'em.
We're suckers!!!!
Retweet you are proud of being a Malaysian. Malaysia Boleh!
miss ya bro be safe
awesome! I'll a Treaty Oak cocktail tonight to celebrate. Happy #SXSW!
bravo for your segment with Mo Domingo last night. Mr. Colbert, we are holding auditions in April/May...c'mon down!
My neighbor (not the whistler) is a pretty good pianist.
#almchicago - Lunch is served!
Tattoo appointment available on fri afternoon...pop in the shop if interested
I'll have to look for that. Decapitation always holds reader's attention.
Shout out to she needs more follower
I miss
i hug my mom on mother's day and she automatically assumes i want money?........i mean, i'll take it if she's offering.......
iPhoto for iOS is now available from the App Store; downloading it as we speak, review to follow. If you've installed it, what do you think?
really great hearing you speak after the #showingup screening- thank you for being an actor friendly and supportive CD!
Excellent! Where do you live? Hard tho not impossible to keep chickens in the city - I keep frogs, salamanders, fish, & dog
Yes! And then post a photo!
Thanks for following, Dr. Cilea! cb
Even though my brother is miles and miles away from here he can still make my day better. I love ny brother:)
Heh. Possibly the impetus behind all of this.
no the gmail verification code that i had sent to your phone
RT : Always keep your eye on your goal....unless you're the goalie....in which case that could greatly hinder your productivity.
all about my riches my name should be richard
Cheap Date with Friends. :) “: Hey all you broken hearts, come get a #Valentine - $5 Dark & Stormy's tomorrow night”
Wow. That's huge (that's what she said). It crazy that iOS and Android are competitors against Sony and Nintendo on that front.
you still can be. hes making a #ComeBack soon. life just got really hectic
missed #blendedlibrarian webcast due to miscalculation in the time change, hope it will be archived for viewing!
Big Bowl is doing #local #organic #sustainable ! They walk the walk.
Congrats Nicole!
Someone farted on the bus, not cool dude, not cool at all.
Alright , Hahahaha what version of "faithful" is this? Cause I'm gonna get sweaty.
you left yet?
Team field trip! RT : RT : Admission is #Free all day Thursday, May 3, thanks to
“: There is a clear path from control to tyranny! Reminding me that the instinct to control others is the worst human quality.”
Gettin ready to smoke this blunt on the lawn!
<dope post a link when you can
I think it pretty much does, but then he knows who Journey is, so . . .
Ah that makes more sense ;-) phew. We were very worried there for a moment!
Props for your choice to move to WordPress. It's pretty powerful. We use Google Docs + WordPress to dump our copy straight in
I think... I'm feeling good enough to eat. Relief.
I betted on the series. But damn Memphis is making me look bad lol
thanks for watching it with me even though ur redsox demolished my cardinal!
made it call u later LVU
#quotes You've got to seize the opportunity if it is presented to you.
JOB INTERVIEW WEDNESDAY.!!! 🙏 thank you
“: "Not all those who wander are lost." - J.R.R. Tolkien”
Going to the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra classical roots concert.this afternoon...SO Excited!! :-D
Getting my #Halloween costume ready!
Back to square one! "I can't drink whiskey like I used to back then, that's for sure." - Bach
I think someone hacked me D:
omg 4.89 Here in south Florida
hey Hanna lady! Just at this stupid guitars n stars n Hangin out!
thanks guys : )
You really gonna do it too, huh? I was just phunkin' around..
The 2012 Pro Football Draft is starting anytime and we'll have it at Currant today! Anyone know who will get the 3rd pick?
What do alcoholics do the day before St. Patrick's Day that requires them to take the day off from work?
Beware of criminals posing as music marketers on-line.
I am in an odd mood. This tweet brought to you by the letter "e" for exhaustion and "s" for stress.
"Newspapers are for old people" - Sophia
Your Not Better Than Nobody.
And both are the most oddly named politicians since Millard Fillmore.
Reading SEO for Dummies to get an understanding of SEO & the value of an SEO co-worker. My job is to connect the dots.
had another Pierpont moment today. We should probably do something about this, it's starting to get creepy.
: People don't like the feds interfering in local affairs. Imagine how it would look if it was another country interfering.
Good news, everyone! GEAR Con's room discount is live, call Crowne Plaza Portland (conv. center) & ask the desk for our rate.
well, it's ABOUT TIME.
I find solace in rooting for the winners that respect the game.
i get rich selling the same thing twice haha
I want to go! But I don't think I can make it. #Vegas has me in its grasp...
...which is probably why retweeted it .In spite of all this we very much support your efforts ! ;-))
i think #sportingkc should draft a christian missionary with minimal soccer skills in the first round....for obvious reasons....
“ I got niggas from Florida to new mexico”
Amazingly tripped out lightning across the Plains a few days in advance of 7/4 fireworks, kind of like Hendrix opening for the Monkees.
Americans for the Arts National Arts Index shows growth (15% to 20%) of SAT test takers with 4 yrs of art or music.
waiting on you. :-)
TEXT ME.
I almost dropped the work iPhone in the toilet. That would have been horrible...
Happy President's Day! Finish the weekend strong with cocktails at Rouge. Try a specialty cocktail like the Lychee Martini!
if your bored i think you should follow me(;
that's what she said. Couldn't resist.
I swear he think he making me mad or some shit .. lol ..
It looks like it will be time for the UK staff to put on full press to get Amile Jefferson. Has he delayed his decision because of Bennett?
thank you as well for making us apart of it!!!!! Really excited!!!
With as much as I learn from Stackoverflow, I could only imagine how awesome a peer coding session would be.
#SMWpolitics: #facebook essential for news: comments raise tone of conversation (no anonymity), social media reader shares content.
Workin' up a meat sweat RT : isn't that a Prince song? Erotic Bacon?
365 days till I can be drunk at the bars with my favorite people etc& Vegas bound baby
thanks, sir!
Tonight, The Rock Band "SHAMAN" in Sky Lounge, 2nd. St. & Washington. Join us for the best Friday's Latin Passion Nights in town!!!!!
RT for a #shoutout must b following!!
“: "Without music, life is like the sky without stars, hearts without love, and people without dreams." -Matt Nicholas”
On tap, Rye IPA (replaces Colette Farmhouse Ale)
Giving up on dating to focus on reinventing my life and feeding my creative fire with art making. Yet I find myself doodling hearts.
Why does everyone speak different languages and have different accents if we all originally came from the same place?
LIONS OR TIGERS?
That awkward moment when a fat person has their shirt off...
If u ain't gonna do it right don't do it at all
Only if you want to suffer the pain and heartache of humiliation and rejection!
when are you ustreaming? :)
going to school. peace!
living Sucker Free
Are you a Senior looking to move to Mass after graduation? Come hear on making the move @ Classroom Bldg 205 tmrw at 6pm!
Not tweeting much because i don't have anything meaningful to tweet. Lol
About to take a shower in a few :P
I don't gush over real people because it seems plebeian. So when I say "Sweet Lord, Mr. Thornton!" it is still within my cultured character.
but you're still a beauty <3
Carson Palmer and Denarius Moore looking like an explosive duo
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?!!
Singing quartet #valentine was a hit with my husband but glad I was home, he thought they were a religious group until they started singing
#raw10 Only a poor Frog praise his own Pond _ my Grandmother - Nana
Okay, Mayweather has my support again. Triple H is in his corner.
AP exams over and I had no motivation to go to class this morning.
I wish you could too!! If you see us, Josh, please come say hi!
RT : Artists and geeks mixing it up today at www.createbaltimore.org
Omaha in one word: COLD
#ala11 Listening to excellent presentation by Download This! How One Library Embraced Its Downloadable Future
So my mom voulenteered me to babysit again
In Fairfax County this wkend? Reserve at Waples Mill is Grand Opening. All sorts of design and structural options available
no idea, but have fun! RT On my unofficial tour of Every City in the UK, Friday I'm seeing Bristol. What's good in #bristol?
I gotta admit, I'm enjoying all the Billy Joel they're playing at Starbucks today.
Fortunately, the nice officer only issued me a warning for doing 3 miles an hour over the posted speed limit.
So true. The Dems don't have to 'work' for the black vote...they know the black vote is in their pocket. When will we learn?
My neck feels like wood now. Totally free
What is there to do when nothing seems to calm the emotional thunderstorm inside of you?
At the age of 16, 80% of people have already met the person they are going to marry.
Buying the ticket, and taking the ride.
i only get to look at it everyday haha, its not mine, I wish though haha
i got dolled up and everything , ready to go. walked outside saw it was raining and it changed my whole mood.
RT : setbacks and failures are not the same thing. adjust your view; failures are greatness being created in disguise. Go.
Happy birthday fellow Pisces.
So I've had an MCRP, (radically different from an RCMP), and I'm awaiting results to discover the source of this latest bout of gut misery
lol I see you heard! But yes I'm so down! :-)
The awkward moment when your sarcasm is so advanced that people actually think you're stupid.
#21jumpstreet funniest movie I think I"ve ever see!
Watching the "new" (but not so new) news team on It's a solid news product at 7pm
I'm done exploring the tech tools, show me the results and data of improvement.
Hi fr #GA ! Happy Holidays!
dude im still laughing lmao wow
Woo hoo! Thanks for the shout out & try our new happy hour menu - hint, carnitas street tacos are ridiculously good!
I'm Tryna get beside u like the number 9, Dyme :)
Recent survey shows 72 percent of patients bleed during dental cleaning, signaling an open wound & pathway to infection. www.closys.com
Aw, i wish i cared more about some things ........... SIKE !
"Where all my REAL niggas at?!" ...um, at home listening to REAL music. Thanks and goodnight.
RT Lets come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
Somehow I can't picture Jesus holding His nose when He was being baptized. Just me.
Math~~ just working on A level and a little on the HW :SS and thats it I guess! :]
Boyfrans are lame
Pam thick
i heard maiya signed with YMCMB. True?.
Jack Bauer wl never die. <Now Ur Mobile!!!>
Kari Allen of Groupon: in 46 countries 500 markets. For users it's not the discount but thrill of doing something different
it made my eyes roll!
Let me know how the china cabinet project goes--hoping to do something similair.
Somebody text me while I'm at work bored as hell!.
Excited to work on some fun pieces with our friends, Diving into the world of editing. We'll see y'all when we come up for air.
CAN'T WAIT TO MOVE FROM MIAMI I LOVE MY CITY BUT NOT CRIMES AND VIOLENCE THAT'S IN IT
Fun time playing contemporary church service this morning at Minnehaha Methodist in Minneapolis. Blues Sunday! Ray Charles, Keb Mo, etc.
RT : H.R. 3848 still gaining attn Thanks newest cosponsors:
Only me and can have a conversation in text and on twitter at the same time. Everyone else is restricted to pick one.
We can make a commitment to promote vegetables and fruits and whole grains on every part of every menu
haha no problem..Will do :)
Don't forget that the 1st 100 ppl 's Education Fiesta tom get FREE shirts & entrance to the home soccer games!
I don't feel good!!! Ugh
I'll never understand his choice in wives
Do you care what Stern has to say about Paterno? I don't.
my eyes are stinging and i have a fucking massive head ache and i feel sick.
I'm ganna get into trouble for this,but bam margera is 1 of the hottest guys in the universe.
Happy Birthday ! Be forever blessed!!!
I'm learning everything the disorganized hard way cuz of her methods. If I don't get it, i'll be back at library! Hope not!!
This record is gonna be a headphones-on kind of record.
girl y'all a mess! Lol
Tori Is Sleepy Now , GoodNight Twitter <3 Wish Me Luck On My Game Tomorrow Against Rudder :D So Pumped (:
mom says they're mating ... Lolz
Winner Winner Chicken Dinner, 1st @ the bike.
I swear is the best thing EVER!! SO MUCH NEW MUSIC!! I'm in heaven!
Batten down the hatches my #Twiend mega winds a blowin ur way! TOU
If you want to contact me this weekend, I'll be geeking out with watching The Avengers in IMAX 3D.
People stepping on the back of your shoes<
fuck it dude I'm doing it. Thanks man!
It's happening! Bachelorette Extravaganza in #neworleans !!!!!!!
It was. She's one of my favorites as it is. :D
nic e deal!!
I miss you as well sir....I think I still owe you a birthday drink. Soon?
hahaha that's what joe said too ! i don't see it.. ;b
wow I just got mine done! Haha
I like your book title. When is it coming out?
It's essential to make your calls to Senate leaders TODAY! If they don't hear from you, they think you don't exist...share your stories ASAP
house full of kids tonight. should be entertaining. :)
She could have a Grammy, I still treat her like a nominee
I wish I was good at any video game I wanted to play
Today I learn all about local governments and their crazy records laws.
Prosecutors say exhaustive investigation revealed no evidence that Escondido bomb-maker was terrorist or planned to harm anyone
Just saw #MissionImpossible. I give it a C+, definitely not worth the $20 IMAX tix.
hello asa may you please follow me buddy you are cool and i love your acting
Man I really can't wait to share with the world my new Material. I hope you will be wowed cause I sure was ;) lol
My New Year's resolution is to stick to a good workout plan that will keep me healthy and happy
Good Morning! Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures. ~Henry Ward Beecher
Thanks, Miranda
Being a girl for once and getting my nails and toes done 💅
First class...Econ...should be fun!!
What did you think of Me on the #RHOA Reunion? hehe
Hanging out with and little sis
I have an old watch that was my moms, the band broke. I wonder if could make it into one of her gorgeous vintage necklaces?
haha idk, maybe mall or park or something
im in an currently 6th! What's ur name on here so I can sweat
Look, pal: if you want a Pepsi you're gonna pay for it!
Finally found my neck pillow!! It was under my running shorts???
I love not having to go to 6th period. Especially since the weather has gotten so nice.
where u work
Children...these are called INSTRUMENTS. They make REAL MUSIC.
happy birthday (;
Been watching #amc for 2 hours now
Trill nigga what's up
they should have hired AI for commentary instead!
My phone is so.jacked up!!! Ugh I need a new one.. counting down the days
#Chrysler Music Group |
Just woke up n realized it's October!!! #My month
How can Plaxico get 3 years for shooting himself? When a lady who left her child in the car for 7 hours and it died, might get off.
tell jenna I broke her bed
#RulesInARelationship U cant do what they cant do
Rochester office is ready too! RT So, who is ready for Spring weather again?
Yes. But my school standardizes it, so there is less grade grubbing... A=95, B=85 ...
I mean he pretty good, but evs the best, we r comin to wargos later and I'm smack you!
what are you trying to tell us?
JR Smith and Chandler both with 5 fouls.
Cinco de Mayo event slated Friday at Washington Square - Dubuque Telegraph Herald
yeah I'm going to see it this weekend! How old is he?
That Relationships where you can mess around, play fight, and tease each other(: >
You think y'all kickin?? Well boi we puntin, young money man we the shit.. weak stomachs. Hahaa
Don't make me send you more pics of her smiling cause you know I'd be happy to look!
Proverbs 17:16 Of what use is money in the hand of a fool, since he has no desire to get wisdom?
Checkin the refridgerator several times hoping food will magically appear
two down on my nineteen years of summer list.
who the fuck is david
You are the best rapper/singer in the USA!
i want to kiss a boy.
Getting upset,, need someone to talk to....
I am reading #Code 2.0 now, transformative in my understanding of the #Internet. Hard for gov promote #privacy and
unusually motivated for a Friday. Go!
twitter keeps unfollowing people :(
Then Maybe We Should See Whats up with everybody and Do Something This Week Or Weekend?
just realized I sent a tweet to the wrong
Dear student: I choose to believe that you simply don't realize how racist you sound. The alternative is too painful.
I am REALLY enjoying rain in Austin, Texas. It's been WAY too long since we had any. Cooler too.
15 minutes? You saying you'd deliver? :-)
Et voila ... Three weeks until we push off for Poland. This has been a long wait, tickets booked in January.
Oh my god they found a new JFK assassination tape.
do you have Xbox live? (;
I would have been so angry haha. My boyfriend got pulled over for "losing his registration sticker" It was still there!
I know Why Im walking like a crippled person in my private Apt. do you ? <Belinda Jackson>
Texas Tech's Monique Smalls (College Park HS) also had a good game with 11 points and 3 assists. Smalls has another year at Tech.
Why hasn't she been at school :(
We certainly hope so....looking forward to watching the show! :-)
I want to have sex in mid air like dragon flies! It seems so fun!
Dear bands: I'm not gonna read your automated booking emails. If you can't be bothered to write it out, I'm not bothering either.
Haunted house bitches :P
That's a-ok! Hope you guys have a good time. Hopefully we'll see one in the US soon!
Tomorrow are two BIG baseball games for us! Need to win them both!
These token balls are from Choga Mish in Iran.
Looking forward to the senior pep rally on Friday!
i completely understand!
2mi @ 8:22/mi. (including re-tying one set of shoelaces)
go look at my tweets, theres a pic i took yesturday
Apparently Crocket Theater is managed by the same people that operate Crocket Hospital?
I have not seen the citizenship of a sitting prez be challenged & used as a basis for a tea movement against him girded in race.
Have a wonderful weekend, everybody! Do you have any special plans?
Hi ! Heard about ur initiative from friends We work with Afghan and Pakistani media and r excited to follow your progress!
I think they've gotten over their Mariabo morning and may play inspired ball now?
on the juicy stuff in discourse on failure on DH
Happy Friday Friends!
Cause niggas with LONG MONEY don't care !
I followed...will the others mentioned follow back?📝
I'm gonna start spamming my old EP to EDM podcasts, I need airplay!
Filming for "The Thick Window" has wrapped up for my little girl :) Such a natural talent- I think I am ready to "share" her :)
Ugly shooting display, and tick-tack fouls thus far to begin 2nd half. #Stanford leads #UMass 38-35 with 15:50 to play in #NIT Semis
I still get a big smile when any track from "Sha Sha" comes up on my playlist.
Thank you for checking in via Foursquare! Great to hear you enjoyed the food.
Also, I hope that lives up to the hype tonight.
congrats on that sick beard & mohawk, oh and that 6th man award too
Just noticed Reborn is ranking low, along with Kuroko's Basketball, ouch.
My phone battery sucks....
my hubby surprised me wit it I was like...how?! Wat!? Ah! 8D
Deciding to hate myself today and ear at #HoHos for lunch.
HI LUCK!!!
FYI, it is technically UC Boulder. Not CU as is Colorado University.
RT : “: You have free will, so the universe supports whatever you decide to think or believe.”
Love my chats with my favorite Liz!:)
Which doco? But very possibly. I was involved really early -- founded a league in Sydney in 07, one of the first 5 down under
Thanks for the follow. Happy New Year guys, and best to you on your sets next week at Copperfield's.
I figured but DRose was like top 5 on my list, figured I has to pull the trigger
RT : All the boppers getting ready tonight for tomorrow... <- smart heauxs choose Aubrey, tho!
For us it's worth it. But ur right MT : Its a tough decision for business, Chicago is expensive but has more resources.
Yay! Glad you got our package & loved our tattoos. Shoot me an e-mail rachel (at) secondglass.com and I'll send you some tix!
sox abouts the typos I was Half asleep :P
If you wear alot of makeup, dont say that another girl wears alot? lol
this panini really captures the experience of the first time someone makes a panini!
If I'm #VH1 and wanna shine a light on politics for my tween demographic, I'm starting a bachelor type show with Herman Cain or Rick Perry
IT WOULD BE LESS PRESSURE ON THEM OPPOSE TO THEM GOING BACK TO L.A. DOWN 0-2.
How to stop Rangers? If from New York: Braden Holtby. If from Texas: Rain.
Nice!!! I like small sizes! Have a great day... xox
" I want #SixersVsCavs tickets NOW!"
Drag me to hell...fucked up
Cheers! And thank you for your support of #pcbw! I love the badge.
Painting walls late into the night. We keep it rolling!
a sleepy day..coffee please?!
yeah we ended up getting the original place we looked at! Putting in our notice tomorrow!
I would not count I sent a press release out. I sent the party release just to you when you asked what happened to the account.
I'm just assuming at this point that has died of a heart attack a dozen times tonight.
#beforeigotsaved i was afraid of everyone seeing through my lies.
At Urban Prep's School Speakinq
Now a proud member of SAG!
i dont know! we have too many inside jokes!!! :)
Hanging at The Marvel Bar with and Brilliant cocktails found.
Um, I'm Good.
My brother took my room .
good morning dear sister!! How are you?!! :)
What your the first crayon i'd choose! &if no1 pix u first break the others(: lol
how dare he. No such thing as a gentleman these days. Smh
thanks for following. Need some advertising?
yes I have...don't worry we are working on one ;) haha
I'm really enjoying the calm before the storm.
thanks so much!!
The Braves are looking for their second straight win before heading to St. Louis for a weekend series against the Cardinals.
LOLOLOL omg that would be so weird. on the news 'Lady gets married to one direction cardboard cutouts' LOL
Time for Chapter 24 of "We're Alive"!
Ack! My twitter account was hacked. So sorry if it you were sent spam.
Patiently waiting for a follow back from the beautiful boys and ... ;)
Dulles or Reagan?!?
The bear in the Snuggle commercials scares the shit out of me
OKC, BAL, NYC and now Munich, Germany. Our "Olympic Memorable Moments" docu-series in high gear. Off to Berlin. Series debuts May 7th.
You\'re the best !!
I have invisioned a line of men's cologne called "Road Kill."
wow blonde moment I was gonna be like "I wanna know someone with my name" wow :p
yes you have PLENTY of time! :)
It's nice if you have kids, though--good playgrounds, schools, great public library. But otherwise, yes, it sucks.
"Love is the answer That everyone seeks...#Love is the language, that every heart speaks..."~Helen Steiner Rice
sorry I missed you tonight!!
its not even a date! haha<333
yeah i really like watchin so i wanna do it
I like it. RT: Thinking of starting a rogue team for the #D2L11 team competition. Our own rules, our own points. Who's with me?
first one of the season?
This is indiana ya we do it big... Up 52-15 at half.
Equipment: a soft nylon slip collar, a 6-foot leash & a 30-foot length of rope is all you need! I also recommend getting a crate if you can.
who sucks at math like me?
damn it! I missed my chance
Frustration is like a...
Its too early :(
Cute guy kissing his mum
"Stop spreading my wealth 2 other countries" uh do u realize that spending on war spreads ur wealth 2 other countries?
Studio sessions cancelled this week, gotta get together new material! There may be a all writers meeting at the end of the week!
Thank You! RT : Why not #follow some of our faves- , , , , and !
Hey Monica! Saw you at the WIN event, but you left before I could say hi so Hi! Hope all is well!
Girls who like the same music as you >>>
is back in the office today after spending yesterday working
Land btwn 21st & Bridge zoned RS2 when noone will ever build on it; he's 50-ft of RS2, so needs variances; "unique'" property
Good Morning Ms.Adrienne! Nice to have you join us on the O'Dark Early shift! Lookin' Good! Happy Tues!!
you're a boring person to follow on twitter.
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the day are Carrot Ginger soup and Broccoli soup. Sugar Free Lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
I love the new ride :-)
Ah I see. "When we have a statement" has become "If and when". YER SO SLY JAGEX. GRRRR we won't forget this.
Vasset is actually demonstrating the exercises in her book, and the rest of the panelists and some of the audience joined in.
Awww yeah! Thanks for the #ff love, former journo who has escaped the beast.
Ill Givee Youu What Youu Need... Only If You Say Please. (;
If there is anything I am, its fair.
so cold
that awkward moment when you realize he IS your ex-boyfriend! (and he's suddenly "realized" he's str8!?)
haha... had a Dick's burger lately?
Holy crap, JMcGee has got the folks in LA speechless, how long are this man's arms?
Goodnight. I'm really tired & weak-.- blehhh
Some people's priorities are so messed up.
Beer Olympics Shive party tonight.
A winner announced in the one day give away. Offcamerwithtrish.com
Oh my god you so damn cute. Make me give up all my loot (:
Next up: Kentucky/UConn - remember, when you hear the 2 min warning, get a shot for just $2!
Lmfao. Common absolutely destroyed Drake.
WHAT OMG <3
HAPPY FRIDAY!! Back on 101.9 The Mix until 5 am!
so hard
Just a reminder that the Lifetime #Barbie Collector online auction ends at 9 pm EST tonight. Still lots of great deals!
let's spice it up??
Thanks for all the RTs on the video!
I don't really have strong feelings for any of the teams today - but I really hope the best man wins!
I need one more follower!
did not match a single number out of 3 tickets....
Ok, I just discovered today is Keith Haring's birthday. And it's funny because I was wondering why his work was posted on Goggle's homepage.
He asked a lot of good questions :)
“To keep the body in good health is a duty, otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.” — Buddha
#1DPerfectPerformance trend it :)
You think well, of him. RT : Hereafter, when I think of gangrenous rot, I'll always think of Steve Doocy.
The awesome business people Walker is talking about are #obviously both of my roommates. Can two people win one award? No? They should.
Mad hit right now fresh out tge casket haah
There is no way I could feel worse about myself, might as well go for it.
Gotta be leavin' in 45 minutes, and I'm still up trying to figure out how to work these peoples iron! -_-
I gotta make a move, I gotta do this now iy don't know your dreams, then they can't shoot em down
hahah thank you!
i dont see it D: poo!
You're-My-Life ♥
dendrogram! (not as good as constellation)
I gotta to take it easier at the gym it hurts to sneeze 😪
His teeth throwing up gang signs. Lol. RT : James Harden got pumpkin teeth... Damn
CONGRATS! What's the position?
don't take it to heart
Time for a nice cup of coffee. :-P
“: Ed Miliband: there are more pandas than tory mps in scotland”// Let's keep it that way.
you look very familiar for some reason i just cant put my finger on it. do you stay in chicago?
I LOVE DOUR
I'm honored to be named 1 of 's Humane Advocates for earning a perfect score on 's most recent legislative scorecard
The prize to the one who can tell me why my son texts me at work to ask what's at home to eat WHEN HIS FATHER IS HOME.
I'd rather have Foster than Mccoy.
Hey IRAN has the largest JEWISH minority of ALL islamic countries (25000 people)
"bust out"
You be the bird, I'll be the feather. We'll be the best of friends forever
I've Loved And I Lost <3
Track meet today feeling good !
then come see me!!!
If only I had $ 1B. I guess I wouldn't be tweeting about this stuff, if I did ;-)
nun much. Chilling :-) #allure tonight?
Finally, a day to myself! Gonna get ready so I can catch the bus. To The Bronx! :)
HAVE A GREAT DAY YOU STUPID FUCK
trust me ive tried!
u can't just tweet to some bitch with an English degree. I paid 90k to light that bitxh on fire!
This dude is on the UP and UP.
That is sad :( I've been updated on your life though... I'm sure that doesn't sound creepy at all to you.
You try way too hard.
can you somehow make it possible for me to transfer to mcarthy?
DAMN DAMN DAMN
first tweet and watching harry potter will you buy my tuition to hogwarts?
I just want to go home and sleep.
Avila a little lazy there these little things add up to loses
my entire timeline is people talking about A Year in the Making. hahaha.
Just watched 'The Lincoln Lawyer', a must see.
Red Corolla with paint coming off and an empty egg container.
Come on Packers!
So , you say your my "bestfriend" but then go behind my back talking about me .. bc that's really mature . Whatever , bye .
Did they cheer louder for #Luck, or ?
Well not in morn, miss me????
Keynesian ideas had been driven out of the national discourse because they were politically inconvenient for the increasingly empowered 1%
That's great to hear Sal! RT last night was the best! I recommend #withallmyheart & belly
I&#39;m Blowing This Pedestal Stand - Pundit Kitchen: Lol News and Lol ...
Rev Brown don't need 2 kno all yo biz.
They say love is the key ... Somebody changed the lock . <\3
It's no way I'd be a street hustler today because they dont make any $. You'd come out better working @ McDonalds.
We're submitting your pics, blog posts, new project plans, etc. from #THATCamp Games to the THATCamp proceedings this weekend; please share!
im guessing the power in town went out? lol its all over FB!!
No one is home and I'm starving to death waaahhhhh ):
Feeling better every day. Thank heavens!
That may be…but it may not be in another state. State should determine for themselves
Be sure to catch us in Lemoyne, PA w/ on May 4th @ The Champ. RT!
Yes, yes you are
Moving on after moving
bad bitches and good weed
Oh yeah. I forgot about that. Coming right up!
# IS WORK NOT HUSTLIN R HUSTLIN NOT WORK EITHER WAY U PAY IN R OUT..HUSTLE HARD.
TY! Makes my ears bleed. RT does Garrison Keillor annoy the hell out of anyone else? depressing poems are not part of a good bfast
Nicole, you twerp, you totally blew it tonight. Rachel totally blew us away - the choice was SO clear... Argh! Rachel rocked!
your welcome :) ! Its crazy weather i swear LOL Good morning
RT : still playing with the juicer. mint, pear, vodka, sugar rim. this is going to be the best thing to happen to cocktail nights
Sure...only if I can wear a Duck's shirt ;)
It really was, and so delicious! “: you are very welcome and it's so easy!”
We have been live for only 5 days and already have 153 followers!! Can't wait to see you all on April 5th for
I can't believe I like a rock band #Np 'Holding on to black metal' by My Morning Jacket.
“: Ke$ha's single "Tik-Tok" sold more copies than any single from The Beatles.” <<don't want to live in this fucking world anymore
tweetdeck claimed my tweet was sent but it never posted because I had a partial URL in it that it couldn't shorten. annoying
SSG faulkner cool he had just become a recruiter down here when I left for basic in 09
Idk what you're talking about but dude. You don't belong in football convos. RT : but they still lost.
Thanks to and Jenna Snyder-Phillips for a great evening last night at the store!
YES we are home! Come over and then we'll go eat or something. Nownownownow! Yay
o“: are they choc.chip pancakes with strawberries and whipped cream?!??” }} orgasm
Concord, for booing , I will forever hate you all!
dude your name didn't come up! Blame !! Wish you were here
You need to understand that systems are all around you. They have the power to breathe life into your buisness. Or cripple it.
The woman said there were 13 puppies but they kept the one that looked more like the husky :< sadfaaace. One looked like a
So who's ready to party tomorrow?!?!
If you haven't already please take a moment to download the latest Crowdmug update for iOS. We think it'll bring a smile to your face. :)
How do you feel about overpuncuation???? Alumni emails from Depaul coming with lots of enthusiasm these days!!!!!!!
I think I wanna go out Friday night ...
finished writing his screenplays for Blurred Vision and Schmoe. Hawaii is the production hot spot for 2010. Miami has lots of commercials.
Camden. . .also checked out Belfast last summer :)
Just finished listening to #WondersOfTheYounger now it's off to bed with me:)
Slept like all day.....not sleepy at all!
Those ninja moves you make when you go through a spiders web.
A pleasure. Right back atcha!
. Will you be singing the same tune next year when tools are done and the schools are facing the same issue MKE Co?
Wow, it's official...SAG-AFTRA merged today!!!!
nope not telling...
Up early & in the gym watching Hoping he can build off the good things I hears last night.
is a cottage cheese chest as ma fucka
U know what they say "once u go black ur gonna need a wheelchair" LMAO GNR! GNR! I love this movie!
National Sales Event this wkend; see interactive touchscreens engage prospects: Goose Creek/Colonial Heritage VA, Emmens Preserve SC
Apparently the sticking point is the 3rd tier rights. The ACC kept the basketball ones, but gave up fball to ESPN/ACC...
RT : Amazing take-aways from Session 1 of the 2011 Christian Coaches Telesummit! God is up to something BIG!
thats cool my cable gets american channels.
Hey there, always great to meet a fellow PNW writer!
It's true, which is even more awesome because you're not allowed to look happy on Virginia licenses anymore. :(
“: Congrats ” // Ditto. See you soon Adam.
Those are the tweets and re-tweets for Thursday, May 10, 2012. Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
i would've never expected that. all of these random ass people are going. like who are you going to see?
Awesome idea. Do you spice up the chickpeas?
I'm in 8-Bit Mode - #RadRacer It's not foggy, I just need glasses
I really appreciate the help. I tithe my gains from your lessons
It's Trivia Tuesday! Where was the world's first paper money used (what country) & in what century??
wouldn't it be to big to fit on your tv screen??! Lol #messedup only you'd know Tori
Cosmic cowling this weekend!! :) cant wait!!
Ppl stay talking bout haters. Why u hating on them so much?
dm me your number !!
SEE YOU TONIGHT GIRL VEGAS!!
I love your twitter pic
Who knew: Intrigue & mystery in the world of weights & measures: goo.gl/C6lhb How about a literary thriller called LE GRAND K?
Great! Thanks for letting me know :-)
I think you wanted me to remind you to bring home a bottle of red wine.
great movie. my stomach is still gurgling. most of that stuff i have seen/read, but still so eye-opening!
thanks! RT : #FF - connecting women from..variety of professions [in] #Indy, founded by &...
where are you now? 7pm Saturday?
That's attractive
awesome working with you! Thank you
Dude, when is AZ in your schedule?
Yes sir
Picked the winner at our #KentuckyDerby pool, thus adding to the legend of Lucky Lustina.
wen do u want us to roll over
": Naw I'm not" I be hearing abt you & your groupies
Fast five is my favorite one thus far
I'm chilling by the bus and by chilling I mean freezing.
TBC or CBS?
as long as Indiana keeps running Hibbert at Bosh, Ru Paul will struggle
Happy Thanksgiving from the Balanced Energy for Texas Family! Wishing you and your loved ones a wonderful Turkey Day!
48% funded on kickstarter for our fanfilm #gijoeinitiate. Thanks to and for all the support.
#stm2012 citizen science: aka great sunflower project started highlighting on Scientific American
OF COURSE!!!<3
is DSM issue 1 of engagement? Old members choose not 2B delegates, find new ones. A #renewal issue. Can we make it easier?
very well, very fun
what up doe ima be on the coast 2 coast in LA wit you
hell yea bro nintendo64 then chill on the computer downloading illegal music off Napster :-)
I just looked at that list again and got really sad that it's all so damn true. BUZZFEED WHY SO TRUE.
Somebody Ring Ring my Celly ☎
I can just tell this summer is going to be one of the best.
S/O to Jake L. and the team that helped us shoot Studio 60. It was an amazing shoot and I cant wait to see it!
According to new survey, gays, lesbians, transgendered and bisexuals in Anchorage experience widespread discrimination
Went to church this morning in Brentwood, TN and found a dude who graduated from my same high school back in WI years before me. Crazy
Theresa, please give me a call!
Had fun at the Indy home show today! You all know to print address labels to fill out all those forms to win prizes, right? :)
I never know where to start in Forever 21.
Hey Brockport, how's your hangover after Brock the Port this weekend?
Checking out the found footage flick Area 407.
tomorrow I'm ma fail the class I'm so sorry I really am
Happy Birthday! Excited to learn some content ideas! ": 9 Powerful, Low Cost Content Marketing Ideas to Grow Your Business. #convcon"
you should be ready to rock now. Sorry about that ^_^
Everybody make sure to send some followers this way
We have been baby-ing my back all day. The discomfort tires me out. Off to read in the bed, on my side, until it lulls me to sleep.
Advice on how to help someone who desperately need to lose 100 lbs? The Type of person that thinks a leisurely walk is a workout
Simone, one of our guinea pigs, will be entering the local vet's Halloween costume contest. She's an adorable witch. So much fun!
when I look at twitter, I sometimes feel like twitter was created for Justin Bieber fans...
I can't imagine how pissed Joe Paterno was that he had to receive news of his ouster from Sarah, the town's lone switchboard operator.
if only 10 child actor became awesome adults, what adj describes what became of the rest?
It's gonna be a good day, eh team? We've got this.
I was wondering if weather would be an issue. Thanks for your continuous updates by the way, very awesome and helpful.
Shoot Outs #SkillsOnAThugsResume .
Thanks for the invite!!! -JO
Have a blessed day everyone! Feeling quite encouraged on my end. :)
Yezzir. I really believed it. The injuries haven't helped + being down 3-1 is #missionimpossible. But, MIKE BIBBY BABY. Let's goo
I love the start by the #NYR but they need to keep the pressure on
Handyman work outside today! Sun, rain, hail, sun, hail rain, clouds and on and on, but I loved it. OUTSIDE!
Oml I'm thinking about canceling this party and just makin this move to Atlanta
i love you <3
Like seriously go watch the steelers game at home so then I can go home...
I love me some KD. All day.
So I have no school today and I dont work.. Why am I up so early? Might as well be productive
At the office for some serious work today.
no but I almost did when the girl saw the guy kiss the other girl. Intense like camping?
The #triathlon was terrible.
I hope you got Spicy Chicken...
I might get kicked out of school tomorrow for beating the shit out of the kid who bullied Alexandria
#WhatMakesYouBeautiful Be yourself!
Good Morning <3
If you guys do anything awesome in the LA area July 3-10, I'll be slinking around there looking for entertainment. Just FYI :)
Fractured nose, 6 chpped teeth, and a bitten tounge. STUPID DOOR !
I'm going back to bed! Screw this it's saturday I'm going back to dream-land!
I’ve always pronounced duct tape as duck tape. I am African
I agree, and would say 12 notes, but it wasn't my original quote! I was quoting Ruth Ross.
!!!! Good job, Chris Davis!
lol...i know girl. My legs and arms are colors i have never seen.
you definitely don't have to remind me :P
I figured out what my mom got you haha
Damn haters!
Would Netflix pursue deals w/Disney, Fox, etc whn contracts expire? Hastings: “as far as I know, no one else has the right of first refusal”
yes, tix sale for #gtmw - which you need to attend.
Using the heck out of my iPad 2 while it's still relevant technology.
At Martha's Soul Food Bistro for the grown 'n sexy. Where are you tonight?
Mike, I'd love to pick your brain about the VZW sponsorship if you have a minute. Trying to work w/Sprint on a WI team...
No flowers needed. Just show someone how to make vinaigrette! :)
Man why did my thunder have to lose?
my ideal Mothers Day would be to hav my son cook Breakfast, clean & leave me in peace for a few hours.
UGH. Damn, you got me on that one >.< But you like my boots, admit it ;)
Our very own Keith McNutt & Tina Hookom were on KPFK's Samm Brown show last night to chat about The Fund! Check out the archived show...
I've had bowel movements more interesting and longer than that.
Welcome to the Seattle
Roller coaster lilfestyle
On front rail for my morning jacket jazzfest show!
My grades are looking pretty bomb right now. Leggo celebrate!
#UK #Golf #Joke 'The old #Golfer paced anxiously up & down outside the #Emergency room of the #Hospital...' Read-on @ www.ICUGolfStories.com
What do you call a black guy on the moon? An astronaut you racist bastard.
But Fedor hasn't lost but 1 fight in YEARS. Assuming he wins does he regain the title of best HW in the world?
Lol my cousin told me I look Jamaican :P Do I? *Shaking my dreads* lol
“ We all have a friend who never has a clue what's going on.”
Achor's presentation on happiness is probably one of my favourite #ted talks of all time.
Karma for what? haha.
Scott Fitzgerald proudly saying he voted for the Fake Democrat--proving that he has trouble telling right from wrong!
Nice to meet you Miriam. Mark
If you can't see the bright side, polish the dull side. #randomthoughts :-)
we did it! Great meeting you!
Going to go see Cabin in the Woods tonight with a whole bunch of friends.
Campus is closing now and all day tomorrow for the snow.
whoa ( black rob voice )
oh fizz wouldn' t you like to know! ;)
Another wonderful day in Seattle. Might have to go cycling or play some tennis later on.
A #quote for the evening: "There are three cures for ennui: sleep, drink and travel." D.H. Lawrence
Still reeling (n a good way) from powerful constellations workshop lead by Beth Hand & Kathy Harman Powerful! TY
He wants to take me out tonight, should i go.....
I don't know, but maybe the love birds aka Couples are trying to prove that look what I won or like look what I can get. lol
Sell it, hoping she can pay some those back taxes she owes....
Pray for Japan. : (
One more week! Be stoked. Very stoked.
sunshine in LA LA land with my parents......sunset party at the Getty this evening!
Yea I am
You're so sweet! Thanks Talor!!!
Girls go so hard for lax hahaha
Distracted by the interesting fishnets at #roots12. Data training had no chance.
I think we were deemed equally hideous by the violent drunkard. In fact, I may have only been hideous by association.
😉☺ RT : Smile. It Irritates Those Who Wish To Destroy You.
Let's cut the reindeer games -- no one talks about Mulan because her hair was flat. THERE, I said it!
Well its time to take this check and do what I do best.....
so I'm really going to tomorrow land. end of story belgium here I come.
maybe it will be, I have your thin mints!
If we're being honest - and I think we are....? I'd hit that.
Good Call. Manet definitely took better care of things!
Happy April Fool's Day...don't let anyone pull a fast one on ya!
There's somebody on Facebook pretending to be you. :o I hate them.
Im Irritated
coby should never be mentioned with mj he's about to get exited from the playoffs in the first round 2 * in 5 years..bumb
Huge pickup for the #Bolts...Melvin Ingram is gonna be a force
BE THE ARCHITECT OF YOUR ARTS
Thank you so much for coming out yesterday and celebrating our 1 year anniversary! This community has been great to us!
You insult me: I can handle it. You insult my best friend: I'm going to break your face bitch.
we have plans to have scavenger hunts in diff neighborhoods. So yes. :)
throwing your keys in the jar?
ACC: People, photocopying their buttocks, are the cause of 24% of all photocopier malfunction worldwide... OOPS!
I feel so out of touch
As machines learn to structure data from news stories. What impact will this have on high frequency trading models? More or less stability?
Belly dance to good health
I don't have a beer gut, I have a protective covering for my rock hard abs.
Does everyone's grandmas house smell the same? Like as soon as you walk in you smell food and you could eat forever and ever?
The world isn't interested in the storms you encountered, but whether or not you brought in the ship. -Raul Armesto
#NeverApologizeFor being yourself.
I need to move asap.
#FlyMeToLondon So I can play soccer at Stamford Bridge and Possibly meet Gary Cahill... :)
all she wanted was a fab coat.
How much are you willing to compromise? Are you ok with just an empty shell of yourself, wondering what could have been?
What a beautiful celebration of slain Chicago Officer Clifton Lewis on yesterday. He was celebrated in full honors...
It really annoys me that every time they get back together, I end up getting ignored or they barely talk to me. Womp.
Twitter is awesome! Love all my twitter followers! I welcome all twitter people. Celeberties are welcome!
i love flan. just not. this. minute.
Thank you so much for all the #FF mentions! I missed getting to them this week.
Satori: "23% of addresses it handles are incorrect or incomplete"
Red is my new fav color because of him. <3
Everybody go follow He's tweeting out the title to his debut mixtape 4.8.12. Same day 's "Hater's Motivation" releases.
Congratulations! I am not surprised :)
Awesome day. Very successful jewelry show. Working on web site...have to get some good photos of my stuff...then I launch!
I love launch days. My Twitter stream lights up with #space goodness.
I'd love to find a company that would provide an RV & sponsor Pixie and I to Tweet across America.
addl, communication is short, sweet, to the point and passive. Emails get lost.
shot music video yesterday. really tired today but very happy as it was so much fun!
congrats!! I expect to see some funny shit from you!
Enjoyed being on this morning!
Clear thesis strong analysis can't lose.
ooh, looks cool. i'll have to follow along on Twitter and see what's going on.
": You can view me as a #WorkInProgress but I'll never be perfect...I'm just always going to continue to improve."
This is Billy Queensgap Reporting LIVE! From the studio.. Dick Ramsses is tracking guitar for "From Beyond".
Watching Reservoir Dogs for the first time with a few Stella's.
Word thank yhu for makin my Monday nite awesome
Church was Awesome < understatement...whheeeeww.. .. Jesus.filled the church #Deliverance was grabbed!
PR Tip of the Day: Keep press releases short and sweet. Reporters don’t want to read a long press release. One page is plenty.
Totally, totally, been busy!! Just getting to Atlanta... let's see how this goes!! Boy it really is beautiful here!!!
Yea it's hot out here today.
You shouldn't give up. Fight for yourself and who you are. You've got to go through the worst times in life to get the best. <3
Math is so fucking stupid xD
So excited for in his WORLD PREMIER in TURKEY DAY tonight at the BARE BONES FESTIVAL!
dude u a creeper. Lol
Friends from Japan flew in tonight. 18 courses. No joke.
Just be happy
Old School Salsa at Madrigall Tonight!$5 cover before 10:30pm $5 cover all night if you check in with Facebook mobile!
when twitter is full of trash talk <
Advertise your boutique as much as you can; do a grand opening of the boutique and promote it on a larger scale
Wow, I didn't realise Roseanne Barr was running for president in the US! She's got my vote.
hm. totally. One day it will happen spread the word to your friends and we will be up there!
#stm2012 OA is just first target of eLife and will include publishing broad swath of science
Sounds like we're headed for a sing-off. Red Balloon on Thursday?
Lmao very funny :)
Thanks everyone for you kind support today: Bhana Grover, Ivette, Julie Caskey, Susan, Margaret, Rani Anne and Sean Clute.
Yes, but in general also.
Blew. April__2011 was much better. May May__2012 be starting OK though... RT Anyone else agree sucked?
I wanna be bad. Make bad look so good!
NETH is back at it tonight!!!
Work work work. Email, events management and planning. Rinse repeat.
Been auditing #SAA DAS webinars. Part of the DAS subcommittee work. We have so many smart, fantastic people in this profession.
New phone works great!
Open today at 4. Join us in the Pier Bar at 7 for the Kevin Jacobs Band. SMILE BIG!
ever have the Peking Duck at the Peking Duck house in NYC? yum!
THE RUMORS ARE TRUE. Only two more chances to experience our party before we have to go to bed. Tomorrow at Grudge Rock is the next.
send me the link!
Hahaha!! I live it!!! Did you tell to wear red too?!?
#dust settles. Loved w/ teacher pay backfill bills Luna Referendum Defense Fund. Wonder how spins?
Nite twitter next tweet will be on my way back to Indiana. Hate to leave Nashville!!!!!!!!!!!
and how long it will take, PLUS at the end it will say if you see this business, you went to far
What is the theme of this decoupaged table?
Hope you have a great time, and we STILL miss you in Portland!
fine...be that way....I'm going to bed.....later!
What's your favorite Mycle_Wastman song? Check him out live tonight, 10pm-1am
The heart of Monster Banksters are their gobs of attorneys. Incarcerate them - free innocents, overly accused and the medical/mental ill.
Tribe game and
Am still in shock about this marriage equality shift. Wow.
It's so strange for me to think that my living place was once a public space..the friendships that were formed, the stories that were told..
To all Our new followers help spread the word about us! And chat with us!!
Been up since 3:30am with nasty sore throat. Bad time for vacation. Possibly worse time for
PLEASE RT WATCH KONY 2012 video about a mindless monster JOSEPH KONY!!! YOU WILL WANT TO HELP PUT HIM AWAY FOR LIFE.
I think it's about time for #BennyBenBenBenerson to get and stay hot.
My phone is on random song selection but keeps picking Wayne songs......i immediately took it of random and started picking my own songs
it wouldn't be the same
He seriously doesn't!! I mean you're a #badbitch!!! Teen popstars these days..pshh!! #smh!! Loves you more boo!!! :))<3
RT : Michelle Williams is wearing one of those headbands you put on a baby so you can tell it's a girl.
The system. Has to follow creative minds when in God.
extreme oversight is due to problems after games, not before.
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.
Jesus Manuel y su Orchestra tonight at Downtown 28 in Ft. Lauderdale.
Today at lunch I had mini toasties and mini chocolate ^.^
Hooray! Great news! I love the show.
Rise and Grind! In the Hollywood Hills, ready for my 8am training session!
New web portals launched for Sun Media papers
Wish me a Happy Birthday :D
...discomfort in the gum area...I wash my hands... with two fingers while cuddlin' my baby,..I gently massage the gums...
Ha! You're right. That's why we're the software driving the process & require a human content manager to edit it :)
Yep and Yep. Surprisingly little making fun. But I made sure to ride my least dorky steed just in case (read: not my Y-Foil)
Journalism major? Follow us for more details
The fact that a glass of water next to my window stays cold all night is a very bittersweet victory.
Excuses! Check out south. Or, I'm sure you can find something else local.
wow you really didn't like Shrew...haven't seen it yet...but hopes are not high.
If Jacques de Molay had had a better lawyer, we wouldn't fear Friday the 13th!!!!
thank you for following Happy Super Bowl!
<TY for #FF! Have a great weekend!
Weds night party @ mosaic tonight!
yeah thats the reason
#PIFF (Pay It Forward Friday) :-) T : So welcome, paying it forward;)
hilarious! “: The thing about the harmonic series is I'm a terrible violinist. -Austin”
just got invited to Columbia University's Junior-Day June 16th !!
I replay that night in my head quite often.
It would be nice if people would let things go but it rarely happens for my taste.
Apparently someone said this before I did, back to the drawing board... ": "Common sense is not so common." - Voltaire”
ru speakin english et :) lol chink i wish i was busy. New icon :)
i need to get back into twitter -__-
I hate that study. They didn't test men's reactions when the woman was lesbian / married / etc
There's no way any teenager sent more text messages than I did today.
I'm a chessy dork at heart guys!! :D
Missed Brian's webinar? Don't worry -- you can still download the recording!
why am i wearing all pink to sleep ? -.-
Me too!
I am nit even mad that my Masterpiece Theater has been preempted for this! I am loving this performance/PBS so very much right now.
dss on the daily 6 month really paid off. Thanks
Yea ill try lol
yeah!!!!!!! you're very sexy
got a condo on my wrist, girl im cashinn out.
have fun guys😢
Allegro will be performing Dance Gallery on March 15 at Ohio County Library in Wheeling @ 7pm --tickets on sale now!!
Rocking some 's been one hell of a fight!
In the studio today! How's your day? :)
btw, as of last night, I'm caught up on Supernatural. It's amazing how fast I can go through TV when it's grading season
Analyzing collections "And I Still See Their Faces: Images of Polish Jews" and Susan Meiselas' "Kurdistan"
M... Coffee
he had school and work all day. he's gay :|
What did Little Miss Muffet eat while sitting on her tuffet?
I swear my nanny's peanut butter fudge is the best stuff in the world.
nice tweet! Hope you like the App!
spooky october. i need to get my halloween garb!
Nearly one in four active internet users in Europe visit unlicensed sites monthly.
first day in the new school
what?! Where at?
....when you give up
tweeting out to new followers today
I don't know what's worse the fact my mom walked in on me crying or the reason why I'm crying.
Follow and for news and event updates for Austin ISD Schools..
#donttakeheroutonvday if the first place you think to go is a hot dog stand, tanning bed, health department, or chuck e cheeses
Shopping on wensday :) ima surprise my babe ima get em and myself some clothes :)
what to do today? whats good?
I am taking notes. They are just absolutely structurally sound. Its amazing.
Half these people that chill on 3rd between Pike and Pine don't even try to pretend there not just there to move drugs
We focus too much on differences in our culture instead of highlighting what we have in common as human beings.
because we're the only interesting people :P
Apparently the sole purpose of Facebook is to tell you what your friends are listening to on Spotify.
CONGRATS! LET THE STRESS BEGIN!
There's No God Like Jehovah!!! Hahahahahahaha! Remember?
RT It was A great Effort but not Enough for #Cotto 116-112
Someone found my blog today by searching "never trust a man without a mustache."
The greatest gift you can give someone today is a smile!
I heard an NPR interview with you this afternoon. You are adorable!
69 More Likes On My Video & iCan Finish The Song . Go On My Profile & Like It Plweaaaase..?
We don't think so :) However, we wish you the best of luck! Thanks again for the shout out!
you coming tomorrow?
is up in SF covering shareholder action. I'm covering hungerfast. Follow
My eyelashes are long today. :]]]
@ tried to access the leaderboard but no pars set yet (5zciq)
My list of ingredients for success is divided into four basic groups: Inward, Outward, Upward and Onward. ~ David Thomas
I'm sayin doe
#agreed RT : the stranger the better!
I just love the way you are. I wanna marry you some day! ;D I love you babe <3
yeah thats y i need my peeps to tell their peeps if i give you a few buisness cards will you give them to ppl
my parents do that too like why
May your neighbors respect you trouble neglect you angels Protect you & heaven accept you.
Shoreline 80, Lower Columbia 77.......FINAL......LCC’s season ends game short of trophy round.
Movie night!!!
Looking at finding nemo with my son
Okay, so what if I have seniorities.
Please come SUPPORT THE SCENE and some very talented young artists @ MassiV's Launch Party, check the flya!
Your welcome looking forward to trying some of your beer!
People get caught up with the people they think they should be and lose sight of what they really are and what they stand for. Its so sad
was trying to fix Seneca... Just stopped in to chat for a few. I wanted to hug him
road trip to the #305 with me?
#FridayReads In the Garden of Beasts by Erik Larson. It's so good, but it makes my heart yearn to be back in Germany...
Can't remember the last time I had a day off. Seereewusree.
At SJC, flying to Toronto
bring on the Giants!
I should probably get some rest...
absolutely! They should be ready by tomorrow afternoon for pick up. Chris will confirm w/you.
Huge photo shoot scheduled for tomorrow ... a lot of models... going solo with assistants.. quite a shame the work is being published ...
Go Rockies!!
Bumpin all day
I'm ready to win it. What do you wish of me?
You know I will bro. Let me figure out what I can donate first, and then I'll start pubbing it early this week.
Take it back :(
i wish this draft had an express lane
thats how you know you're doing it right
I love Teles! I approve. Watched a bio of Roy Buchanan the other day - AMAZING.
Defense lawyers for John Edwards will ask a judge today to dismiss corruption charges against their client
baby steps but gettin there
You'll never believe...one is Sarah! Other is Janie. My dad's name is Ben! It's so hard to lose them...
“: Duh. Tequila shots on me. Love the use of the #BROadtrip hashtag btw” amen bros
no, but to be honest I haven't used visual studio much lately. I like the key binding options a lot though
Justin you're really good at singing are a fan of yours (always)
gonna get the movie paranormal 3
carwash in my driveway! :D
15 mins until bed, :o then work in the am. I swear I miss everything on twitter.
Spent today talking with Sarah! Took 3 hours discussing the Holy Spirit today. Came back to my loving 2yo nephew! He's such a sweetheart!
lol damn near. This my morning song.
there's one on etsy, but my district apparently BLOCKS etsy, so I couldn't look at it...
your picture upsets me
Scooby Doo never really told us where he was -.-
Let Pride Financial, one of our newer neighbors on Fremont, help you w/ your financial planning.
If you have more than 2,000 Facebook friends you really need to get your shit together
miss u too! also
You're most welcome!
joey, jaime, dylan, mark, charlene
Saw fresh eel at fish market in North End, so awesome!! Now what could i do with it
Ugh. What a day.
Finally, some of us are so pro-choice, pro-LGBT, anti-racism, etc., we're just NOT gonna get behind your candidate. Dealbreakers, ya dig?
It's been a bit buggy. Have you had your playlists randomly be out of order?
Next time holla at me, I've got clippers. Can buzz it real nice for ya lol RT ": Time for a haircut, I needed this ASAP"
I'd like to start today w/ a happy 420 bowl.. the rest of the day is blunts tho (;
??? You mean Florence to the Lions?
what the hell is dignity? I've never heard of such an obscene thing on the interwebz
RT : A Brilliant idea by Catersource and Catering by Design. Drain the pool and stick your food buffet inside
Per MLB policy, we are not allowed to post any game audio online including...
thanks, Handsome!! I love you, too, Sweetheart!! Have a great day!!
I'm bored and browsing through apps?! Any suggestions!?
Did any states besides Colorado try to pass anti-busing/school deseg constitutional amendments?
save me now cause im falling down...
Hate it when you make a really good dinner(rare for me) and u sit the plate down and hubby says his tummy hurts.
G8: do your job to reduce the rising costs of #food and lets #END hunger!
Treasures and Temptations
yupp,and ohhs it sucks though!!
9/11 was definitely terrorism against the USA. What's happened since then has been a much scarier systematic assault on our civil liberties.
woo! field day tomorrow! well gotsta go to sleeperzz. night night.
Dear Berliner police, why do you need 7 people to shoo away a homeless kid from an empty doorway?
Love that city. Almost as much as I love Toronto.
#IAlwaysWonderIf I annoy you when I talk to you.
Yep, CNN covers THIS story of course, after not covering his delegate sweeps. Let everyone go back to sleep. He'll get delegates.
#Confession I'm really smart, I'm just really lazy.
Whatever. This sucks.
Bacon of the month should be here soon! YES!
Where the F are you? Rico is here!
Been up early working I'm done for a min now. Now I'm hungry as hell time to eat
so..... Still in the basement huh?
happy 8 year anniversary, that is fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fava beans and stone fruit at the farmers market. Summer's here!!!
u should go to a lake or sea & find some sea turtles to save
RT : My 'Sleep Number' is Grey Goose.
You love us!!!!
Tell him step up and quit the bs! Step up or Step OUT!!! GOD GIVES TALENT! But hes not gonna beg for ya! To Step up!
I do love how big and blue the lake is.
will do when i can :D
Will you add a few more pics. That one is so beautiful. I miss the ocean and the California sky. Please :)
College Student, Artist, CEO, Trapper, Enterperneur, Father, Damn What More Can I Add Ta Ma Resume???
true that!
people have begun to lose their hopes & forget their dreams,so the Nothing grows stronger. It's the emptiness that's left...
everyone should have the right to lose half of their stuff.
Ok seriously this chile lime sorbet is the most delicious thing I've ever tasted
What do you do when all you can do is wake up and die?
Christians should be ready for a change because Jesus was the greatest changer in history. ~Ralph Abernathy
it exactly clears it up. lol.
When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie - that's amore!
Yeah yeah. Like I knew it was going to be pictures of naked men. Ever heard of reverse pyschology? D:
Fuck my anti depressants...it's fuckinv with my sex life...
My wireless network is frustrating me!
cool (: I'll be there, if I am not going to eat
So, like Steiner's class. Haha
That is high on our list of options! Thanks for the info!
I vote Castro. We need it to dispense Creme de Menthe as punishment.
Why do you get to be the boy?lmfao
Hey bands, everything about the Bandcamp plugin for Facebook is exactly correct. Do that one.
Uploading the videos anytime soon???? I'd like for other peoples to watch them soonish...
yea, that's the worst. lol
I lost my number .. can I have yours ?(:
Go #Rangers (:
how would the work - u see a bunch of replies that no longer make sense b/c u changed original tweet. is that ok?
Same Here , so It's never too late until like you walk across the stage Graduation Day . lol
Thanks for the follow back! Have you checked out and ?? Thanks!
Wiscy will save face for us....hit the money line!
just because you saw it on wickepedia doesn't make it true.
it just needs some body work. Which might be done by the end of the month. #winning I pay for everything myself now. #need$$$
Second that bet RT Garnishing your wages sounds nice--like you're decorating it with parsley. But I bet it's not nice.
pastrami on rye with some waffle fries foo free Epic collapse, if you get Nate Mcmilan next year then you might be legit
Very delayed but thankies for the FF love, sweetness! I miss you!
Let's do this ! Indy's about to get dirty, yo! Let's hope I don't die!
Had to lay down earlier; because I couldn't stand to see him leave;
I woke up to love from lolol
:) its such a great night glad tomorrows friday only 2 days left at cbz veryy sadd but got A new job
So many men, so few who can afford me
Exactly! RT : "I've been in the same situation--it's VERY uncomfortable. You try to shrug it off but when it keeps happening.."
Hey guys, go to facebook.com/DeathbeatJam and like it! Do it! Por favor y gracias! :)
alot of things
I want to start illustrating and making prints and stuff.
As the grace grows nearer my theology is growing strangely simple, and it begins and ends with Christ as the only Savior of the lost
RT : "Hipsters are all 'ooh that's so last week' and 'gimme a PBR' am I right guys? Bud light rocks"- the internet
I believe it! We all love here at #TACC. RT : Unique opportunity. Dan was a great mentor to me at ASU.
doesn't it have all the recipes built in?
No, sorry. You're correct that good biz advice is free/easy to get. Just saying a lot of bad advice is also free. Hard to know the diff.
back to work already? your one busy guy.
Thanks for speedy support today. Setting up Ning network on subdomain is trickier than expected. Will deal with this tomorrow.
Today is all about beautifying our Ward. Headed over to the Rhode Island Clean-up next. Stay tuned for more pictures.
between options A, B, and C, don't be afraid to chose Q.
Austin Mahone's voice is like so soft... it's true :) haha
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. Benjamin Franklin
btw, you can't say no unless you have a really good reason. Hehe
:) According to some article sis read, he's playing... somewhere, I forget, in an independent league.
hell yeah shout out to krit thats my dude right there bc im here in the south and they bumpin krit down here
Seau suicide, NFL player safety coming up on national Sunday am political talk shows. Congress next?
Did you know we had MLB All-Stars, Olympians, and a world champion boxer on campus this weekend? Read about it in today's Point Weekly!
We have summer here...long before it should be summer.
Fine. I shall play blindfolded Tetris.
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada ......
Ok, it's been 5 days. How many relationships do you all think Modern Warfare 3 has ended?
Thanks for the follow :-)
Today is also #FacebookFriday! "Like" us on Facebook to receive even more Mashup actions! @"Mashup.com"
it's really easy to fix on FB if you end up getting hacked. The scary part was that I couldn't tell from my end. I'll keep an eye >
Courting success
Digging through my demos and recorded jams. I got about 35 songs in the bank. That's like, what, 15 singles?
I miss you tons!! :(
Don’t judge my choices if you don’t understand my reasons.
Survivors relive memories from the 1974 tornado - WAFF
#octoberwish is to go hard on Halloween!
I know, Jo Calderone represents GaGa.
check out the new music video guys, me and my brother did it in a couple days
- look at you, getting all entrepreneurial. Well played : ]
Starving...time to eat!!
haha nah we only hung out for a while yesterday.
you tryin to buy this I pod tomorrow bro
I can't meet today but would love to have lunch very soon.
is fucking AMAZING !
There's something magical about sleeping until 2 on a Sunday.
Learn how to leverage your personality and more to land a spotlight in the media
#WayToImpressMe get a triple double in your basketball games and not act cocky about it:D
it was a minnesota dream, I didn't see ya.
i wouldnt talk about the pain if i could smile all day
The mothball smell is back in my room and each minute I'm in there I lose a little bit of sanity. Help.
or i'll just hang out with your mom while you watch them..
It's not too late to order your desserts for the weekend! Also, stop by for a slice of our Georgia Peach Poundcake - it's only $2!
sure....I may be back a little after that.
Ok, I have to lay back down so I can up in 2 hrs :/ Thx to all new follows, RT, & replies, enjoyed the conversation. Nitey nite ;) 👍👄
RIP Junior Seau
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Dr. Fresh Denture Brushes and most oral care products.
set sum time up for us this week an tell what day an I'm up there bruh
damn yo I'm not that g status. I got a Christmas charity event I gotta play on Friday.
RT : To be successful, we should make the "must" of our life the "most" of our life. --Paraphrased, G Campbell Morgan
thanks for the post ladies!
I'm about to go to the mall and get me a short set its summer time lol
What has happened to the #Saints ability to tackle this evening?
I like the concept, been following the inventor on twitter, but implementation seems kinda complicated.
i guess i'm about to find out? :D i haven't seen it yet, but i keep hearing that it's beautiful.
To the extent that we are all educated and informed, we will be more equipped to deal with the gut issues that tend to divide us
That awkward moment when your boyfriend is gay and everyone knows it except you... O_o
hahah me too but she doesn't know that 😏
lol your funny, I swore you unfolloeed me last time but it's good :-p
Nice to meet you! I just downloaded your podcast & am looking forward to learning more. Happy #rcyc!
If her period only comes at the end of the sentence, she's too young for you bro! Lol
Piss off, #allergies. Sheesh. Why you gotta attack me on the #weekend?
the show would work even with non-hallucinogenic mushrooms
You should always write your name on your underwear
so the internet here sucks but i go in tinychat to distract myself from finals week. going in as a guest keeps my twitter from
Who's the new #CompletionArch for? Policymakers, educators, researchers, journalists, students, families (look up your state).
I think our next photoshoot should have at least one pic where we're all doing the duck lip thing. Everyone needs a duck lip pic.
Shouldn't _Where the Wild Things Are_ simply have been entitled _Wilderness_?
he is sexy too
Ok. Best Buy gave me a gift card for all my troubles today. Their warehouse delivery people suck but the store guys are cool,
“: Take the time reflect on Dr. King's contributions to the Civil Rights movement and his love for mankind #HappyMLKDay”
Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up. -Galatians 6:9-
Feeling real bad....wish I could fall asleep
I'm sorry, we must have gotten messages mixed. I have loved the Yankees my whole life. Why do you seem mad at me?
your eyes are beautiful. <3
Jordan says she will ask for a "special administrative partner" to address grade issues
girl we better hang out this summer!
my pleasure, glad it was helpful... I went to school in Madison so their we're even fewer Republicans!
Praise god Van crouch thanks for following me god bless you and your family :D
Girls on the bus talking about 1D again. They really bugged me. They can't say Zayn right, they had to ask "which one" Niall was, said LEWIS
I must admit that this is the best has ever looked
nothing gets you more pumped up than nickel back. Everyone know that
Khuram's brother is hip as shit doe
I'm disgusted right now. Worked hard and put time in to make a good package & it'll need air cuz of a stupid tech glitch &.........
Who's it helping? Pearson's bottom line. #bling Oh, and politicians who like to pontificate on things they don't know about.
who do they play tn? Oh and I hate you
Some people just make the weirdest faces when they sing..
why do i miss him ?
Where has the time gone? Tis May tomorrow. still feels like it was March yesterday.... :T
I will be at the wildcat walk at 4:15
I know, comfort me best friend:(
Last night I was so cross faded. I was seeing shit.
There's a bug food truck/stand at Off the Grid at Fort Mason!
hahaha it was a fat snapper. Like more than half a bowl, hah his rip was yellow, then I torched it again and made him clear itxD
This is going to be a long ten nights
dying cause I'm seeing in 14 days & in 30 days :)
Hey iAppreciate it!
#Yeah i'm home Cereal Bowles
heyy biotch wake up before I biotch slap u
Get ready! My new blog is coming to the Jewish Journal next week. Shabbat Shalom L Kulam!
It's almost Friday! Do you have any fun plans this weekend?
So i really really really really really wanna go to the zoo, idk why i just doo,
haven't been at this shit in a while...... whats everyone up to?
The next time someone asks if I'm married, I'm going to say yes.
If they don't know about da #Empire They going to learn tonight
watching victorus that show is kewl but i want to watch spongebob
Find people who are passionate about what you're talking about. They're the people who'll WANT to share your content
Champions League right now...
Get your head right and your body will follow. Anything is possible when you make the right changes!
": Cooley high! #classic" indeed
congrats to Valena in our settlement department! she has just been accepted into grad school!
If recent past gives any hints to its future, it could get a lot worse than that. But true change/reform must start from within.
Thanks for the RT
going out? We are watching a nice film by Sir David Lean. LEARNING!
Confession: before I moved to Illinois, I was a Red Sox fan and still am to some degree. Hope we can still be friends.
#sxsw Coolrunnings at BD Rileys after just seeing Buck 65 at Canadian Blast party. Here we go.…
"You can observe a lot just by watching." - Yogi Berra
that's what they told me! They have all of them on lockdown
I love Rachel
just got from school lol fun i saw people today making out in the hall way boy and boy and girl with girl i told them to get a fucking room!
I am up, whats good.
yeah looks like a good movie.
Thanks for the follow. I'm REALTOR looking good contractor Hemet area & a custom home builder in Valley Center, California.
ok but they do tattoos
you must be lightweight cause that's only two shots
that's because all the "excellent" teams. Aren't very...."Excellent"
Got my vicks vapor rub and victoria beckham book. Now all I need is my bed!
RT : Fatigue After Early Breast Cancer Often Fades: Study: NEW YORK (Reuters Health) – Many people treated fr cancer ......
Just made my first post-craniotomy attempt at calculus. My brain still works, but I feel a bit dizzy.
Twitter Friend/Follow ratio is important criteria (along with noise ratio) for selecting who I follow.
Have you checked out ? We are a great tool for busy moms! Documenting/organizing memories of your kids!
RT : every day is the saaaaaaaaamee thing
the new French president's first initiative - to introduce subtle errors into the text encoding of all American new web sites and rss feeds
I need some fresh air, Im going for a midnight jog....
it would be like fate brought us together
okay now that I can breathe... JACKLYN EWWWW eff him
the. It must really hurt to know that you never beat us honey bear.
How many times will I watch The Departed? Getting ridiculous #loveit "two pills..why don't you just get me a bottle a scotch & a handgun"
trying not to freak out about the angry guy in an army surplus coat doing tai chi and 'geometric exercises' at the airport.
just got done with an exceptionally successful social meeting at Engine 11.
Hot day in Oklahoma 106
Just realized 4/20 is on friday
CONGRATS!! RT : So proud of my teammates 4 the way they fought. Great win. And so happy for #clipnation thanks for the support!
me too :( what sucks is schools going to be super ridiculous starting this week so I won't see you : /
Destroy doubt...Instill courage!
So let me hear them Tweeple. New Years resolutions?
What do you mean, you "am them tho"? (Sorry, it's late at night, and my brain's slowing down.)
Looking forward to a big weekend in New England with Bestselling Author Thanks to All our New Eng. Distributors much Love!
"Taken" - guns = "Finding Nemo"
Finally got a kiss! Thanks, Hershey's.
Go vote for The Goat! www.AustinChronicle.com/BestOf
Hey Need to DM you abt something!
I wish I could go. Bummer!
Audio Addiktion is looking for one band to fill a spot for our show at Bunkhouse Saloon on December 9th! Please contact us if interested!!
Are You Calling Mikey A Puto?
Um…. LOTS of things make life easier for booksellers. Libraries don't care about ISBNs. Scratching head over this.
My mother is trying to save $400 to upgrade her upcoming flight to first class. I'm trying to save $400 to fly at all.
Not jealous but don't be surprised to find a bunny boiling in yours when you wake up during our winter camping trip.
So excited to be back in Texas for a week .. Looking forward to seeing my awesome friends & family.. Smiles & sunshine to all 8-)
make sure you wash yo dishes
It's been quiet...not much happened here and with a mini summer preview going on, staying indoors to avoid the sudden heat.
Email me for the best offer available in the game!
hahahaha so true
ha! I'll pass it along
Is there anything better than a Saturday morning with coffee, tunes and in 1st place?
Oh you never disappoint me
RT : "don't raise your voice, improve your argument." Desmond Tutu's father RT
follow tom on twitter!
Omg... Putting my music on shuffle wasn't a good idea. Why do I have so many depressing songs?! 😢
I wish I knew how you really feel now.
The point is you don't know who a key player could be, that's how you find diamonds in the rough.
alas, sleep. maybe this time i'll wake up in a non-depressive state.
“: Just took photos with So much fun! Thanks Anna. Can't wait to see them.” yeah! Me too :)
Work early in the morning and I'm feeling like I won't fall asleep anytime soon. #INeedRest !
RT : Bulls on tonight all the big tvs. sound will be on!
: how did you calculate?
Countdown begins, 2 months until Tia's opens for the 2012 season, warm weather can't come soon enough! 2011 will be tough to top!
ran away, well, as long as Alexis is happy, i am.
Never stop dreaming.
Yes your eyes look stunning!(:
oh it's ok^^ so how old are you?
I wish it didn't !!! RT : It be like that. RT : I thought she was cute until she opened her mouth.
Short responses<<<<<
wow! you are Ms. Thing today. I wanna hear abt that culture piece.
Lol PENIS! xD my funny friend is addicted to it lmao
So will you hit Cali tomorrow? Or Sunday? Inquiring minds want to know!
#quotes The only pressure that you use in a professional selling presentation is the presence of silence after the closing question.
Sorry if I'm blowing up your phone (; goin on a tweeting rampage.
This is the perfect song for a Long boarding video.
Whats been up Bro? Check in on you for a minute...
catalogers are machines.
But besides that, ME shall stand as both one of my favorite game franchises & one of my favorite fictional universes.
Pumping out new songs like a neon leopard. New recordings coming atcha like moon rays. www.Boulevardoftheallies.com
Helpp how can I get my hands on Weeds season 6? Reward if found
It works and I got a 100%!
sdlkfjsldfjswfkh i'm so like out of the loop on here.... lol I don't think I'm actually gonna switch accounts though!
Just got done spending time with my grandma all day nd finally home ttc!
thank you nfl referees for costing the detroit lions and bob loblaws law blog week one victories. jerks.
Your clothes are making me uncomfortable, please take them off.
coming to the show next week babes ?
History exam
It's Friday! What is on the weekend agenda?
hey today get 20% off @ bdw
I like DW , but this is his last year in MIA
Let's keep up this momentum! Next zoom is so close we can almost taste it! Get all of your friends to help #RepeatReceipt!
Strawberry Greek yogurt is the shiiiiit 😍❤
Working on new promotions strategies as well as the first contest of 2011! Excited about it? Let us know by tweeting to us!
where u been hun?
Derby Day
With the little sleep I've been getting you'd think I had a newborn. Nope, just a sick dog and a neurotic cat.
Thanks sweetie! Your the best!
the credits though. Thats all i am saying, no spoilers here! We are relaxing for the weekend, and then is back at it. Playable material
Anybody else like Foster the People?
Just saw Kenny G at the union square farmers market.
poli sci prof/friend of mine pointed out that older voters tend to vote in larger numbers in primary than younger (1/2)
Happy Friday! :)
Our Golden puppy, Derby shredded UPS package. Papers from Schwab. Not sure if he's long or short the market?
lollol so true
Get in the Mixx
Yep! McGehee homered to tie it in 8th. Yuni homered to tie it in the 13th. Prince walked off in the 14th.
Swimming boss denies D&#39;Arcy deal
you're too fucking cute!
I love the smell of Abercrombie & Fitch!!
Actually, there's nothing to say. I was just touring.
Oh, I will!!! It's becoming an Big Blue epidemic and should be crazy down there!
Join our partners in a twitter chat on #edwaivers today from 11:30-12:30 EST!
A toddler just handed me a wet piece of paper from out of her mouth.
Yep, as is U of Houston to coincide with their move from C-USA to the Big East. It can be done. Gotta think big though...
Nineteen Million Monsters is trending worldwide! RT if you're one of them!
Barnard Elliot Bee~ Let us determine to die here and we will conquer.
We love that is here.
when is your next Florida Concert? I'm waiting, waiting, waiting inside the State!!!!
Less than two weeks away from opening nite - July 23rd. Things are heating up in rehearsals!!!
Please follow back!(: I would be super duper stoked! xD
there's that big bender again from Friedrich, freezes Culbertson as the Rox southpaw takes out his fellow rookie
3- hey gurl! We DONT talk much on here but we should defintly change that! Luv yah! Tweet me
Only 5 days left until the $100 Botox/Juvederm rebate offer ends. Email or call us 866-738-3256.
Yay! Running buddy! We need matching outfits! RT : Somehow just got talked into running the WR half marathon again this year.
Three homer game for Josh Hamilton.
sometimes i look through my own tweets and wonder how i actually have followers.
Snakebites... It's not like it's an emergency. Insurance probably doesn't cover it =8-O
Backpack to Briefcase Workshop today in Doermer 063! Resume Help, 2-3pm and How to Search, Apply and Interview for jobs/internships, 3-4pm.
Not much my man! Just a lot of traveling and meeting fans, best thing
“: Who has been the best Diaper Dandy thus far?” I am sure you think it's Austin Rivers. It's Micheal Kidd-Gilchrest!!
I got over whatever killer bug I had lol that mess had me all messed up.
"yeah its heads get over here!"
Nice. He's a very good coach & teacher. Soak it up!
. You're always livin' on the ragged edge of adventure, Wild Nick.
happy to see Spanish companies in the Show Daily of : & resol!
how ridiculous would it be to get something that you've drawn tattooed. I'm thinkin bout it.
If I mean so much to you, why do you keep pushing me away.
maybe, i don't know yet, wheres it at?
That's not entirely true.....
I can't come to the new york show cause I'm away on vacation this week :( hopefully you'll come back soon :/
nigga you can't cook
I guess this is as close to criticism as is likely to be leveled at Nadal
#epic swag!
Juggling audience members' cell phones in an attempt to win them over.
We are officially booked as a vendor for the Holiday Shopping Event in McFarland on December 3rd from 9 - 3. Start making your shopping list
Put down the crack pipe that is Portal 2. DOWN.
I use to wear my #jansport in front of me like a prego belly. I loved it just cuz it kept my hands warm in winter. Lol.
Kindergarten cop. On AMC. Now. "now we're going to play a wonderful game called: who is my daddy, and what does he do?"
Good afternoon to my Twitter Peeps!!
"the bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot." Michael Althsuler - IT'S TIME, HAVE FUN!
nearly, one pitch away from a sweep! go Tribe
"All is Fair in Love and Twitter"
Hi there
my Windows Phone is taking so long to update :(
If you or someone you know lives is Houston, TX- than tell them to check me out in The New Movement: Houston Harold Weekend!
I was just wondering if we were the only country that celebrated it because even I think it's kind of odd that we do lol
#GoodLifeSaturdays tomorrow!!! I'm indmixxx lets get it!!!
The path you need to follow in order to achieve your goals will create itself. You just have to take the first step.
Isn't that the truth!!
need to look there more!
What is that yellow thing in the sky? It's shiny and warm...
It's all about integrating the experience
hows life with tiny
Dreamed last night that and I had a baby boy. Noah wasnt there for the birth and the baby came out looking a year old.
I think that is a great point. You don't always have to start at the top.
My sister got a real job today!! Go sister!!
Sorry , I wrote off Binaural 10 years ago. Just rediscovered it though, been on repeat for a week.
Football and netball action
Spinning, Clicking, Scrolling == (scratch) Reading. -Saper
lol, why is boys always playing xbox?
I have resorted to watching Saved by the Bell and Boy Meets World. Daytime tv sucks..
yo sone this fat bitch in this class is getting mad loud, about to smack the bitch.
You're so kind!!:) haha
Thanks! Hope you enjoyed it.
RT : Bobby telling me he's celibate &gt;&gt;&gt;
I despair at how bad new website is. I have to reset my pin every time I log in for some reason and the UI is awful. Fix it!
cant say i didnt try....7 days left to complete your Red Bull Muisc Academy application. Tuesday will be my last available day to receive ap
Realization: I haven't spent enough time drunk-listening to Warren Zevon's "The French Inhaler"
Stock market: CNBC's Fast Money analysts proclaimed agriculture stocks have come too far, too fast and a pullback is likely in POT and MOS.
At working looking at the time these people omg ghetto come on 4:30
i've been waiting all season for your episode on #punkd <3 <3
A polar bears skin is black. Its fur is actually clear, but like snow it appears white.
Thanks! I hadn't thought about that, even though I'm admin for my FB journalist page.
- wish I could be there withyou, but will be yelling at the TV screen on Saturday; USA! USA! USA!
Well this gets you to 13 miles in 12 weeks and I am usually ok running 3 miles so yeah..race in October
#WhatIMissMost is being a lil' kid!
thank you
done:) thanks for the follow btw<3
Avg response times increased by 1 min 3 sec since Huron Road Hospital closed.
Doing what every good father does... rewarding my boys with candy corn for eating their dinner.
that's horrible ahahahaa, delete yours was better
I love you Niall...You're beautiful EVERYDAY!!!! <3 ;)
methinks that's a today photo judging from gray in both guy's hair and rain in NYC.
whats up how u been
Yes, was great catching up. Haven't been two WikiSym in two years, so we'll see how much it's changed. :-)
Safely crossed the border back into the US! Awesome experience building a house in El Niño with 26 teens! :)
That awkward moment when you wave and smile at someone but they don’t see you.
PSA: You have to earn the nickname "Black Magic."
MUAHHHH hi sweetie
Why is Brittany Spears on MTV hits
Loved boot camp with !
Turned out to be a good day .
staying home to studying for ap euro all day >>>>
#Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race - too ambitious to add to bucket list?
Goodnight twitter. Absolutely exhausted. Thanks to & for the follows.
Love it!
Finale party RT: : Looking fwd 2 this week's #BWSOTU mtg-since it ends w/finales of #GreysAnatomy & #Scandal!
Oh you're kidding! Hasn't heard they got DirectKick. That's awesome!
Porter had kind words for guru Scott Manning: A beer savant is the local brewers' consensus.
Tonight we are playing At Innisfree in Tuscaloosa!! 10pm! Come Out!
You must KEEP UP with the Assignment on your life!
Not me, I just welcomed them to the team
Moonwalking with Einstein is VERY VERY good - some great discussion around #memory which plays a big part in
Just ate smoked salmon and onions. I plan on sitting really close to at 4 and breathing on her throughout he show.
Thanks! They're fun to make!
thanks babe. It's not but about to get better thanks to some alcohol
Stop trying to take my freedom.
I did then she said 2 stop mentioning her in my tweets
how do I access archive for today's show, since ETT is now using livestre*m? Can't figure it out-am I missing something obvious?
so when can I go bet on horses while sticking a 20 into a slot machi...oh. crap
You are welcome We hope you will join us 5/24 for another creative conversation. More details to come soon!
Today, that kid who's been making a lot of noise down in the minors will be on the mound for the Yanks, Andy Pettitte.
I was a fool for thinking that things would be better this time.
Hazelnut coffee is one of the main reasons I wake up on time for work every morning
19 people die every year from unanchored soccer goals being blown over... A statistic made up my Reeds.
Awesome! We are looking forward to seeing you and creating a space for you to meet and engage with other UX practitioners.
Saying "trick or treat please" when we were little . Now we say "gimme my candy bitch"
“: #YouGetPointsIf you like frogs” sorry
Today just sucked.
That's really funny!
Special thanks for Barbara Blue for giving us a taste of her music this morning! Head to the Hark Rock this Sunday night to hear her live!
must root for Spurs!!
Every other day I sit and wait for the same bad news Can you hear me say I've got nothing left to lose?
thanks man. I love seeing your Poses. We have a lot of cool stuff planned.
Thinking about it, there was about 1/2 of a scene that matched up with the book in tonight's episode, but it all works (I hope)
working on stupid finals stuff. i HATE finals. also I have been watching"aristocats" for the last 6 hours. :)
Sometimes when I'm alone, I use Comic Sans. #graphic design
Then what's big threat to marriage? “: ..stat: only 0.6-0.8% of househlds in #Colorado are same-sex couples #COleg #civilunions”
Going to be serving up a pre-thanksgiving feast of swing with a side of soul with and Mary Nau tonight !
Do yourself a favor and get a copy of Symphony Crack's CD 'The Addiction' on iTunes!
I don't even know
My guess since they're cut from the same cloth, Obam/Rom are both cordially invited to Bilderberg this month.
How's everyone's #Friday morning going!? Hope you all have a nice and #productive day.
you're always logged in on my phone. Why? I don't know.
I had many, many tweets and now they're all gone. Anyone know where they went and how to fix it? #twitter #tweet count
"One's first step in wisdom is to question everything - and one's last is to come to terms with everything." Georg Christoph Lichtenberg
Doing head shots tonight for Emerge 2012 Emerge NM!
Watching Sweeney Todd c:<
The holiday sale started today and the sale starts Thursday. Check them out and support local artists!
I hope your wife didnt learn to cook from her mom
“: One more #FF for the NYC Fam! ” I always got love for the BAY!
< FOLLOW HER AND I'LL LOVE U FOREVER
We are so glad to hear! :)
Thanks for the continued support! Come and have one with us...
you need it if it's going to be a kia! ;-)
I'm trying to picture the porn for which Queen would work. Apparently has seen some.
Romney running 17% under his 2008 margins in Michigan. Bad sign for him...good sign for America.
Feeling completely relax, mentally and physically. Have a great day today.
I wonder who's going home. Ah
I would :) i am already buying the basket
I need to get back in the sun. Hash tag: if you can't tone it, tan it.
😒 RT : I can't stop reading but I don't want the book to end.
#WMATA T2 bus on schedule just passed us "not in service" what else is new
S/o 2 the real daddy's out here n the mix really gettin it 4 u n urs
I need to step up my tattoo game on the real :o
we will miss you at the we will schedule a debrief
are the bands still on schedule or has that changed??
My girl crystal house is a wonderful woman of faith!
You can find talent. I still can't figure out why you didn't win last year.
Disappointing end to a great inning. We'll get em in the 9th!
RT For the Denver Broncos, who sacrificed a virgin in order to win the superbowl, we pray. LMAO
ouch to look at but feels better already I bet. Get better soon buddy. U r the man.
ah, can't stop staring at my icon. he's so freaking lush, I mean, what even is air? ♥
if this goes down(very doubtful), then it's a gift from heaven, and the new players introduction should be with a lot of smoke!
How fun. Beautiful day for it. Our school doesn't seem to do many field trips at all past kindergarten. :(
And I think Iceland regained it's independence from Denmark Will ;)
Hi friends. All moved in and out of the old apt - finally! Now just to get everything put away...
LOL you better remember
lets see how the rest of the day goes and i wish they will get me out of class to tell me where i go tonight after school
go on so long like that. And yes, it's the kids that truly lose. Saddening (and maddening)
Wanna go home and sleep
Good Mornining Mermaid fans thank you for following me!! i really enjoy reading all your tweets!
Why did I ever think taking the highway was a better idea than the interstate?
#Austin no McCain, we didn't start the fire... I'm not illegal BTW
#kids Laugh Factory Thursdays: Laugh Factory Thursdays Monday, May 7, 2012 at 10:00 PM World Famous Laugh Factory 8001 Sunset Boulevard,...
And here's the shit I hate...
it's okay most of the time you don't make sense anyways. :o
And I mean that lovingly. :)
yeah! Lets start out own!!
Just got pulled over for 20 grams of kush but they let me go thanks to my medical marijuana card...thank god they didnt find the O in my bra
cody simpson on so random i love him so much XOXO!!!!!!!!
I think I needs to....
Masters in Information Systems
hey beautiful girl. You should click my follow button. You know you want too:)
No, my mom's other friend. I think she is in a different part of the camp though... And i totally forget what it's called. Lol
just obliterated a joomla stylesheet to make it work. And work it does.
Hey thanks man, U Rock, God Bless!
what's sup -how'd we cross paths?
Vampire Weekend - Taxi Cab - 09:23 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
ok see, see, now you found yaself a nigga..you was lookin for a nigga? nigga here now!!
Agreed. Dancing dude + egg guy + Doug from Seattle = heckuva premiere! #liveonkomo cc
word of the day: "art-centric"
Dear anyone who ever writes press releases, avoid fancy, formatted PDFs! OR always have a plain text version of the info handy. ALWAYS.
:O damn Lyzze
dont forget to checkout my new show on Sat 9pm FULL HOUR OF CLUB MUSIC
haha no it doesn't it only sucks when you have to study!
well god luck girl!!!
ah people are you not listening to labor testimony? #ca coastal # lawsuits etc.
Celebrating the Boston Globe - Horn Book Awards tonight at Simmons College!
i'm not carrying anything with me this time. which unfortunately means i won't have the new H&G at TCAF.
I will have to translate this one, will be interesting; thanks!
"Some of the bodies received heavy blows, caused by large implements (tree trunks?)" Tree trunks? Really? Were they attacked by giants?
thank you sir!!!
it is. I'll tell u another day. It's a person who is completely selfish...really disrespected me...no its not Andy.
wow that's crazy! Ate they strict with the kids too cuz I've seen some girls in crazy shit its sad
Thank you! RT : Happy #FF! The sun is finally shining. Thank you to
Seriously though, any speakers or topics you'd like to hear at an upcoming Rise+Design event? Let us know!
90s wage growth meant you could 2x income in 30 years. With today's #wagegrowth, it would take 300 years. Janice Eberly
and I thought my friday night was going to be boring. So excited for
Missed you too Mikey!
i geuss ;P
Just spent 30mins playing deer hunter on my ipad... I blame you
This weekend was a good one. And to end it I'm watching my fav housewives! #RHONJ Jacqueline, & Kathy : )
In Cincinnati the girls call me daddy, and I prolly ain't leaving the next time I'm in Cleveland
Note to self: A road trip to New Orleans sounds fun, but in reality, 17 hours there & 17 hours back is not fun.
I really do think #samesexmarriage is a big human rights issue for our country and the world.
Hate this rain but at least it's not snowing like at WVU
Orlando bound soon
- And I'll be looking for you on
yep, presenting Monday, 8:15 am
SOLD - and I just emailed Anita about a meet up. Maybe I'll have my act together enough to see the film before then!
Not if people look for a music style before hearing the music. They need to look by a name to get the style they want.
Burnt my eye with contact solution.. Worst pain of my life.
Thanks! We have our winners! I'll msg you soon! :)
did you write your statement ?
Carroll Shelby, too? Wow.
Got 's album finally. Happy Easter to me.
It's awesome :)
Any particular reason why they are chanting "Dolphins suck?" I mean, they do. But is there a reason why? lol.
Whats tha word? I replied the other day. Dang. Shoot. Lol :-)
#YouCantSayYouGrownIf If u r Always asking your parents 4 money all the time
“: Why Do people think everything is real are people retarded seriously vampires do exist!” i meant dont
If you judge people, you have no time to love them--Mother Teresa #livebyjohn15:12
You are the only person that can make my heart beat faster and slower at the same time.
MIAs seem at ease w role in making aesthetic choices to produce restoration-poss b/c of inherent collaborative nature of original?
Ready to hear some celebrity Voices for Service on NBC tonight at 8. Join the conversation
I love the Lord.
I hate bandwagon fans.
such a dumb end! I loved the first one and now I'm pissed
Dancia Patrick is a Ok, a couple bonus points for her.
not last night. It was a couple of nights ago. When you asked people to ask you questions.
said some provocative things at #ahcj12, including "Insurance companies have some ability to make us practice better medicine"
Conceptualizing is planting seeds for a tree, for shade you will never sit under - Vicki Clark
Good morning. Sending you Florida's warm and sunshine.Have a great day!
Will there be a season two? I really love the show. Kudos to ALL involved. And you act your pants off, lady! *applause*
aimless is my middle name
"You always miss the shots you don't take" My mantra of the day.
I respect the preparation of that tweet!
the more technical side of UDL (captioned videos, well structured docs and websites, etc) may be more challenging
I usually just use my own hardware to avoid the headache.
When you die, can I have your stuff?
~New Moon!~
Uh oh , have you tried our #GlutenFree pizza yet? A damn fine pie for sure.
Not even andy is trying! Why the f didnt we call timeout b4 the fg?!?
Best in the league?! I don't think so... Win for MW lax!!
me & are terrible at daydrinking...
And that's all folks. Italian Steak has sold out for the 3rd week in a row!
Listening to NPR in the morning makes me feel smarter
i think your phone's going
Hey! I have been good! thanks for asking :) How are you?
Ken Altshuler: This Mother's Day, More Moms Paying Child Support: In addition to receiving flowers and cards this Mother's Day, an in...
First true two word combos make my heart melt.
Lies??? I dont even know what tf that is!! #LiesAbuadGirlsTell I don't Drink Alomo
#FLOTUS vs #GOP Wives! And the winner is...? brandingobamessiah.com
so tired o: im done with finals 📝 YAY !!
thank you! Need to schedule another brunch, maybe in June. From "waiting for Clara" to "pass the baby" cc
Haha! Yeah, I think I'll pass on that and try and cultivate a less gruesome skill.
I have lost so much sleep this week.
brah brah hit me up fool
thats true man, that is the year they blamed alot of the collapse on Plaxico.
“: Strikes me that "storylines & subplots" is more macro than "tasks & subtasks" and also easier for clients to relate to. #idea10”
Round of applause we got them girls that make ya hand clap #primal tonight
My overactive sweat glands take offense to that. However, yes, yes it did. :)
why can't i send you a direct message?
Fear and Loathing reference in the movie Rango, awesome!!!
52 days until worlds 2012! this should be intersting.
": Graduating .... Drunk" So proud of you! I've missed ya.. Good to see you & your brothers last night!
Vegas. Yet again just a fly through.
Pictures are so Decieving
Once you have your own concept in your business, you need to define your niche and remain focus in filling that niche.
Some people get an eduction without going to college the rest get it after they get out.
Lets #Partay! RT : sister finally moved in! starting to feel a lot better about this place
RT “: members: don't forget to vote for the ! #webserieschat”
Still feeling full and in love from Cochon yesterday! What a great event and congratulations to Alex from
you shouldn't put things like that of twitter...at least the person who is likely to smash through ur window is away! Skype? X
lol omg ultra and twitter!
Sweat her, that's a no-no.
cc RT : honestly man, writers bring it every freakin' day. #ff, like, all of 'em
I moved on my own... great opportunity found me
How did 5 minutes go to 40?!
can ppl stop talking to me at work this morning
try #Flaghouse.com Chewy Tubes - Individual Set #W39470. They have Chew devices. Good Luck
on #HALLOWEEN im going to play your song #CALLINGALLTHEMONSTERS im going to be you on halloween!RT PLZ
post your listings with us for more exposure
boys in my school are such assholes
We can't get games to run on OSX and Linux, but they wrote a virus to infect alien ships in Independence Day.
ahh mypyramid.gov lovingly lobbied for by our friends in corporate agro business
#Trifling wen a nigga dump a female b4 Christmas and have a new boo on Christmas z
"You build a successful career, regardless of your field of endeavor, by the dozens of little things you do on and off the job."
HappyBirthdayEthan trend it
Sweet, First Friday is trending in #Vegas. Rock on.
'tis a wintery mix...but nut'ins sticking
why don't you notice me? Ya lil POOP
#teamswift never thought we have a last kiss<3
My name is Ryan Patrick and I'm the Product Manager for Hoovers API
": If ur in #Vegas ur only must have contact 4 anything & everything is If u don't know, now u know #Nightlifeguru"
I have the sexiest followers. 😄
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic in American Songwriter & Music Connection, Lollapalooza & Billboard Magazine Song Contest Finalists *
didn't see yours...what happened?
Gia is so ADORABLE!!
#justFAB we look forward to seeing you TikiDoll! (:
Guess whose picture I saw on the bulletin board at the Ballard SBUX? Cc:
Ah life is god :3
' Lmao I just scared Mouse & Nakeia!
Update: Tornado warning issued for eastern Pope and northwestern Stearns County through 5:30pm. Headed toward Sauk Centre
It would be awesome if had the show #TheWalkingDead available. Amazing show.
Black Keys' "Lonely Boy" kept me in the car for a full minute after I had parked. Love to dance in carports
Welcome Hmong refugees: “Please feel at home.” Cherry-blossom petals flutter. Once this was snow. Once, when they were home.
have a wonderfull weekend and have fun
gotta get my hair cut today
Did anyone use any Chroma brands of paint to paint Easter eggs over the weekend?
Come on 3 O'Clock!
Follow me on facebook at goody gone shineallways
Home alone....well there's only one thing to do!! *Plays Moving On full blast*.....BEST DAY EVER!!!!!!!!
Im home alone , everybody got low on me
The more you are willing to accept responsibility for your actions, the more credibility you will have. -Brian Koslow
Egan: Techniques of serial TV used to rethink time and chronology
Ready for a change
Watch out for amazing things coming from the New York Theatre Barn. Big things a-happening....
exactly. So screw all that haha
Finally started to do my homework and Diego comes home -___- But I still love him :)
May 8 primary ballot Lt. Gov Isaac Weix is a Republican running as a fake Democrat.
I wonder how pizza feels about being better looking than Kim Kardashian
PP runs ads on their behalf not candidates. and don't give me grief re Obama and women. GOPers hate LillyLedbetter bill.
Keep that up & you'll have grow your own food.
En route to Lexington to start the tour with and
not long enough...
I do We do You do is also good for teaching class norms
Pretty good! Nice Voice
niggas that say, "Pussy aint got no Face" is basically saying.. I'll Fuck ANYTHING!
Im a young dude but I know a lot about life. And I can tell u this, life is perfectly fine...its only not fair when you submit to rules.
Burping in the hallways >>>
Finally has Zotero standalone alpha playing nice with Chrome.
Today sucked.
everyone's got to have a hustle man, can't knock em for that.
getting our business cards printed, finally. Have the website, have the office, have clients, but no business cards... down right shameful.
Obnoxious people at the movies #must be stopped
I have the perfect playlist. Just one track, called "The Soothing Sounds of Silence." Sounds like me snoring. ;-)
thank u. I definitely need sleep soon.
This Friday at Governors 10pm Show !!! Come and laugh with me
Just learned a new word, thanks to : GRAUPEL. Is it pronounced GROP-el, grop-EL, or grow-pel? Either way, it's exciting!
nine hours of sleep was not enough
- I didn't get a chance to get to Petunia's but had an awesome seafood gumbo!
that is great news! I'm happy to hear that they are all okay!
Totally dug your interview with - Made my day.
Local group to provide basic street medic training for #NATOSummit protesters. has the story tonight @ 9p on #FoxChicago News
NO.... Maybe... Yeah I was like 16 seconds ago : [ LOL
I love when a plan comes together without formulating one-
Found a bizarre mistake in a rec today: Bib claims the London Haydn Quartet recorded their String Quartet Op 20 disc in Bristol... uhh no...
_Thank you_ I couldn't make the festival, so it's good to experience it vicariously via your pics and 's tweets.
I don't want to go to school today.
can any one point me to a link to a #DannyCoale jersey?
Getting a Random text from an annoying person<<<
I love that idea - maybe you should have a televised #reaping , too? Just a thought.
Anyone know who might have a photo of Emery Thornell, Sheriff of Decatur, IL 1958-1962?
Fell off of a skate board yesterday and took a chunck out of my hand. Yumm
So excited you're here! ": We're excited to be at #nwxportland --Junior League Conference"
The face displayed by college students everywhere...
I appreciate that you crafted an elaborate excuse for watching "The happy hooker goes to hollywood."
haha sorry if I'm a creep just means a lot :p
hates when back pain keeps up all night! :-(
Family > Turkey.
I allowed inside my heart
HEY Got a Mother's Day menu to share?
I'm from Louisville but my dad is from down on Greasy, we have our reunions there, I like to ask people when I see pike county
I CAN'T DANCE FOR MY LIFE LOLOL ASK ME IN A FEW YEARS I'LL BE LIKE ZAYN.
I wanna chill with somebody.
If any show is weirder than Summer Heights High please let me know.
Ugh I have the worst habit of biting my finger nails when I'm stressed out :(
Putting gas in my PJs
As a general principle, there needs to be fewer barriers for formerly incarcerated. Particularly economic ones...
Because we can't ALL be Jessicas.
phones work both ways
i know! do more? ❤
want me to head over to your place?
aw, what a cute tweet! ↓
Have u ever had a cupcake with bacon??? Come by tom. and try our Hot Cakes! Van. & blueberry cake, maple buttercream & topped bacon pieces!
Is that really necessary? RT : #YouGettinPunchedIf you think facebook is better than twitter.
Till it turns red(;
Davionne could be talking about someone else's mother, maybe of a boy he can't play with. He never says "my mother."
Im the only person up
Why can't I reproduce a problem a client has with a #Joomla google map module? Works fine for me on all browsers, cookie settings, etc. sigh
u welcome....
ya we got it by a really bad storm today a tornado touched down in our city
BRB . . . .banging head against wall until I pass out!
That's true. There was! Ugh!
Seriously, how much bad t.v. can one person watch in one day? I am coming very close.
I JUST LEARNED CHASING THE SUN ON THE PIANO!!! 😄
yes it is lol
providing more ear-gasms than a box of Q-tips
Apparently we have offended these officials.
Church with the familia then out to lunch! It's gonna be a great day ❤
that was super annoying inviting people to my grad party
aye, what's Roberts twitter?? (:
Nats skipper Davey Johnson says Bryce Harper may require a stitch or two on his face, may miss a game or two.
My friend think he's smart. He said that the onion is the only food that makes you cry. I threw a watermelon at his face.
haha then I guess we have something in common. :)
twitter is better
thinking its cute and funny when a lion is trying to eat your kid through glass!!
Rumors include a Diamond! : Stay tuned...we will be announcing Auction Items for our April Monopoly event this week!
Body pump is really really hard.
evrybdy dies but not evrybody lives.
After making your son watch paint dry all day, why not treat him to an game at tonight?
;) mine too
Is that a move to clear cap space for #Manning?
Ok Toronto - I'm coming home and screening Timeless at Ame on Mercer on Dec 22nd! Hope to see you there!
agreed, kevin says he is a bum... yet oriaki averaged 9 and 9 on championship team year when he got minutes on a good team
Welcome to the twitterverse!
Now that Bieber's tour is over, it's a possibility that he shows up at Chris's concert in Pittsburgh. :))
Once when I was a little kid I asked my mom for Scooby Snacks and she gave me mini shrimp...
Gig's over, and I'm sore from hauling gear, but it's gorgeous out. Time to find my second wind!
I have found my <3, as u will 2 my bro~much luv & xoxo. U WILL GET THRU THIS, I DID~when u nvr expect it dear friend. Trust me;)
Who are you looking for big things out of today? I think Matt Cassel and Dwayne Bowe may show up big. Hightower for AZ could put up big
Man Rousey is incredible your a world class grappler what do u think of Rondas grappling skills?
is the site live yet?
VEE response has been great. Very busy. :) Your practice looks very high-tech. Do you have a TRS 5100?
#ILikeObamacare because I'm unemployed and can't get health insurance. I'm trying to find a job, but most of my interviews are for temp jobs
#Thanks to all of our followers. Nearly 200 of you on less than a week. We're gaining support quickly and #loving it.
haha! Down I've never been on a Thursday. Should prove most enticing.
I heard it was your birthday. Hope it was a good one. Keep on keepin' on!
Oldie but goldie! Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
I am thinking of starting a blog with my translations of ancient Greek and Roman smut. Talk me out of it.
PUT ME ON HIM
CHEESECAKE FACTORY
Mom's getting her nails done and I just got my eyebrows waxed!
": I watch it like every morning!! :)" and everynight. Lol.
brought the list of names we brainstormed for eschec back to Cincinnati..Dragooned was the decision thanks for your help!
One of my all-time faves.
Well you made it to Wrestle Mania! yay! Yall lost, but thats okay. At least you made it!! :)
so, which day for woodburn? I wanna be there when you're there...
Chuck Norris can hit you so hard your blood will bleed.
Big Texas Cool Down ages 8u-10u-12u- and wr u have made. We will take a few more.
Happy Mother's Day to all of the good moms out there.
Thanks for the RT, Nicole!! Hope your week is going great.
Platform full at Farragut N and only 6 car train to Glenmont.
I agree RT : Good morning SUNSHINE. Its going to be a great one. ☺ ♥
#DesperadoLife or slide off!
": A honey butter chicken biscuit would be heaven right now 😍"
Not sure I understand the distinction yet between "kindling" and "logs"
hey, how's it going
off to work.
A good prompt is worth 1000 words.
#GWU happy #MeatlessTuesday! Come in and get your frequency card stamped in either #GWJstreet or Pelham Commons
SAGAFTRA. Great idea, terrible name. What do you think the new union be called?
Craig Carnelian: a key to success in musical theater is not having a fallback career.
okay and thats pretty, how you gonna do ur hair??
LOUD NOISES!!
Partly cloudy and cold tonight. Find out who has a chance to see snow on Sunday... coming up on 10TV News at 6!
I am afraid to lose you. I know what love is, it is because of you.
Calista needs to get her roots done...
“: I want to go on a road trip this summer”
Dear I promise 2 not ever in my life cruse at you or disrespect u I promise 2 always love u and care 4 u i gtg luv u
RT : started deliberation this afternoon....continue tomorrow.. I'm the foreman! -- Hiarious
Two positions open at ARC San Diego in Development & Communications. Visit www.sdarc.org & click on "Careers."
gotta get up. gotta get moving. gotta see a friend of mine.
#youmightbeghettoif you wear your house slippers outside.
Come to LiLLiES for all day Mon Happy Hour! $3 Drafts, $5 Rails, $6 House Wine, and half off appetizers when you buy a drink!
My mistake for not including the hashtag #fixlists RT :
Hi Mike, Yes, I use it when I want to travel light and it's tack sharp! My favorite go-to lens is still the 24-70mm :)
4/14/1776->Commodore Hopkins:I should be glad if you keep a good look out to see the Coast is clear before the Continental Troops embark
you guys need to get ur butts to arizona! Lol
they lose by one. we lose by one. this is going to be a good series.
I also have an email that seems strange
I played around with his tree software (I think that is the name). Would love to explore origami and math. R u doing this?
no thanks...
Hot guys at the gym make running six miles totally worth it
I had the laugh of the day today before the Honors Society Induction.
World Peace with the nice cheap elbow to the chin lol
sir! You're here? Say hi:)
i Followed back.
Wonderful. RT : Was able to make some serious decisions this week thanks to the reflections of #reverb10 /
#cavs game tomorrow. suck it, lakers.
is still busy ;o :cc you have no idea how i miss our awesome conversations :\ wish I could talk more with you as before
Silver Diner at BWI is *not* in Baltimore. All of BWI is not in Baltimore.
Telling people that you're such a bitch just makes me want to say yes you are instead of tell you how nice you are.
BIG HALLOWEEN PARTY GOING DOWN TONIGHT AT KLUSOZ!!! VIP SOLD OUT & SO WE GETTIN SPOOKY CRUNK! COME HANG WITH ALL THE DRUNK ZOMBIES!!
Our two most recent Presidents have agreed to work together to raise $$ for Haiti.
11 Top Celebs to Follow is all the cute boys! RT if u agree!
aye ghurl u need a real man?(;
Okay, any time after like 7PM YOUR TIME I'm good.
Happy #hump day!!
Thanks for the mention Monster Steven! MyFlik.com would like to interview you about your award winning animated films.
it means right ear
": really?" Hi twubby I missed yo sexy ass! But what I do now?
heard 2011 was a big hit! Congratulations. #babybumpbegone 2012!
I always do. What do you think ideal "Nascar"-type pass-rushing D-Line will #Bills employ in 2012? Who's on the sidelines?
Awesome Patrice! Congratulations to you both.
I've been sitting in this recliner ALL day putting ice on my cheeks cause that's all I can do all freakin weekend /:
nice one, but I think you're missing some cowbell :)
Sunday Nite dinner with the fam <3 Wing Nite!!!!! :p eat more chicken :)))
No minor may attend a skating rink unless accompanied by a guardian. We didn't make that law. It's been on the books since 1889. [1944]
What are you up to tonight Miss ?
yeah hopefully I won't have to go
Good morning #koaladancebots! I'm so upset! Uhh I miss talking to y'all :(
My New Mixtape Called #Deeper Than A Mixtape# Is Coming Soon!!!!! "Classic"
I am the sunset in your day
The drive from Portland to the 'Couve is epic? Really? :) RT : Beginning the epic drive to
Events guide: Easter and Passover 2012
Only 1 hour left of our #BlackFriday #Sale - 10% OFF EVERYTHING in our store until 12pm today! We will see you soon!
Was it over when the German bombed Pearl Harbor? Possibly. I think 90 percent of #Orioles games feature this comeback video in the 9th.
That horrible moment when you find out that the boy you've always thought was soo sexy, is gay.... :(
Love family dinners!!
*Silently, heading out into the living room for my phone and not giving a flying-fuck what time it is.*
: So when can we expect a "Sho Go" iPad app?
i love that statement. just for that iam bout to start following you
I'm to tired!
I am starting new private acting class on Wed. I am still working at New York Film Academy on the backlot of Universal and UCLA-Extension …
do I want to know?
"He who does not get fun and enjoyment out of every day... needs to reorganize his life." - George Matthew Adams
Your friends should follow us on Twitter. If not & will kick kittens... just sayin
#itssadwhen u insert too many trending topics trying to get a top tweet. #waitaminute, I just did that, eh
TRS is delighted to welcome new client Faegre Baker Daniels LLP!
Really want to try this Orange Leaf place!!
baaahhaaa ewww. SO not worth it...
If you aren't a robot after you score, you will get a technical foul. Tyson Chandler just found that out the hard way.
Love it! I need my Connie Britton fix every week. Dani and I both have a huge crush on her.
I #BELIEVE one day you will follow me!
Yes. They're in the dumpster now. I'm refusing to work too hard the rest of the day after doing it!
Is Todd Helton a Hall of Famer?
“: Im trying to change all my negatives into positives and become a productive person”
RT : Thanks to for signing on as a sponsor for
wuts your keek name? I forget
Have you ever tried Marukan Vinegar? Share your experience!
happy Wednesday!!!
#seattle #LA #LBLD Have nothing to do ?? Get out there and LongBoard. Never tried it ? Get at me and I'll give ya the chance !!!!
Ugh. On top of everything I think I'm getting sick as well. Beautiful. Simply stunning. :\
exciting! good luck with all the new things! :)
People are acting sketchy...
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
No SCVs here, just, umm... sympathizers (but only to a certain extent...<g>). Feel free to share that track.
Thanks for the follow and taking interest. Right back at ya'!
My dad overreacts about everrryyythingg.
what time is practice
Nice. What is that supposed to prove except that someone can adapt a template to their needs?
meet at tomorrow at 10am? they open tomorrow. Excited! 2051 California. 2 blocks left from train.
it's me Vance mi love!
Yeah, but I work at 4 today. I'm off tomorrow and Tuesday. Planning on seeing it one of those days.
Yeah, that fisheye lens is not flattering..
is your team all set for Chicago?
oh I got this shit
WAKE UP NIGGA!
It is not whether your report is factually correct, but whether you see what God intends. Ten spies not technically wrong about grasshoppers
Board meeting at our partner this morning.
why do I always jinx myself :-(
Wow just wow .smh
my 2 favorite songs at the moment is lovestruck & i'm what dreams are made of. (: proud to be a member of the #sgtc // <3
I followed her ya tard!
it's been a FANTASTIC day. how about you?!
We're excited about the women's team, too. Go Aztecs! I ... I believe...
the only way I'd know is mailing it to each other. :O We could try that out? I'd appreciate it of you did buy it.
I am now seriously deleting everyone on Facebook I no longer speak too
Bruh the controller had ONE action button whabquanwgsuwh lmaooooo
And by cuddle i mean naked cuddling.
forget drone journalism! drones for #qs; think of an autonomous robotic agent following me around collecting data :)
Now let's bash Kobe like they do Lebron... Right!?
Twitter got hacked my bad. Haven't been on all day
No, Betty did her. RT So I lost touch. Did Archie ever bang Veronica or not?
I Want It That Weight: A Boy Band Tribute to Levon Helm
Right now I'm loving it....7 bottles with corks and 2 without...and corkscrew in a box somewhere.
Reminder: We have our cast talkbacks following our Thursday night performances this month!
Dear Seattle, thank you for the lightrail. $4 round trip from downtown to beacon hill - awesome.
thanks Sabrina! Spread the word!
Ok u want me locked up in a cage...well don't be mad when I come out in beast mode 👿👿
Done and liked. RT Afternoon reminder to check the Facebook page!
that's exactly how I feel. Its rather depressing. So many people out there already doing a better job. Why bother? :(
when are we getting lunch?
waiting for Coraline 3D to start
Getting woken up hella early by my mom on a #SENIO12 skip day -_- <
It will be SO nice to see you again! I had a GREAT time on Show. It'll be on OWN on 11/17. LOVE u !!
Black women and young people the two key groups that elected Prez Obama
“: Studies suggest chewing the same flavor of gum while studying and taking a test can help improve your score.”
Good news,moms still pissd but she gav my cell back,n i kinda fixd my cam.but all well,ill just type my Qs on the 31st k.luv-bri
hahaha no silly I meant the guy from the ring standin outside all night! Cutie pie, he was.
I love teen mom!!!!!
I'm not left-handed
everybody follow . they are TITE!
oh the sky
ONLY 1 1/2 HOURS LEFT of the 4th of July SELLATHON! Get over to Freedom Ford Truck Center! Or call us for more information! 800-884-5037
de nah ready fi de MATTRASS RIDDIM Daddy seh wrap it up don't b silly! Op Willy -RED ROSE ~Selah
Congrats to the for the all time high in penalties yards only in
you ok
My whole iPhone is now baby blue
Don't know what i'd do without music, I'd be getting ready in silence..
Im bored at home.. online.. and not sleepy lol..
Where are you from, my family is from Guyana
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
just admit it, we have all been bored at some point that we try to trick the mirror so that we can look at the back of our head
good taste :)
Recruiting, once again, baffles everyone down to the last second. No one really knows anything until an announcement is made, so let's wait.
he's everything I ever wanted.
RT : RT : Don't forget to cull fruits from fruit trees so they don't touch! This will help with worms,...
Me: You know what tomorrow is? My mom: Cindy's birthday. I've never been more proud in my life.
We're fans too! We just produced your 4-pack carriers for all 6 flavors and shipped them out to Denver, CO!
Polish that chrome on them bikes and let's take a ride with a BBQ
follow please ?(:
FYI: if you listen to the Jim Croce Pandora station long enough, you'll hear 3 different versions of James Taylor's "Handy Man."
So cold here. I love it! Warming up the fireplace and putting the tree up tonight. I love the Holidays! (don't miss the colds though)
Where all the early morning tweeters at?
why can't you care...?
Thank you for the follow! We'd be honored to have you come to our party next Monday night at Traffic Bar (midtown East) ♡
quite possible. Going down like water so far
I want to play Space Invaders on it.
We're #thankfulfor finally stocking up the kitchen with food and having a day filled with ideas - how about you?
If you are sitting at a bar, working on your Mac laptop and drinking a glass of white wine, just know I AM judging you. Hard.
Love taking my iPad loaded with board to my stylist for inspiration instead of old school mag clippings
I think I 'undersold' my research skills with the verbiage i chose (1st round of business cards)
The Militant saw a one-legged cyclist(!) at
Very much looking forward!
best tweet I heard about all week "The rapture was postponed due to weather"
i Loved the way you lied last summer,
in my e-40 voice# i don't wanna be ya man i'm only here for a one night stand
Supies with Erin
Education is the transmission of civilization
he riding round he snitching shot his mouth no dentist
Who you guys looking for with our next pick? Im hoping WR Stephen Hill.. how about you guys??
You'll never see the dawn when you have blood in your eyes.
The digital files transfer continues!
my garden gloves & fingers have been contaminated with cactus needles. who plants cactus in their yard in PA!? Impossible to remove or weed.
where to nextt ???
Bored eating some licorice trying to figure out if I should just get drunk an take Vics an sleep
if you let your feelings go dear , it's crazy what you'll find
Thanks for the RTs! We hope you'll join us in volunteering, donating (matching funds available) or at Rock 2 Rebuild, our #Haiti concert.
Yea. It's definitely a balancing act. And yet will denying someone access to porn or gambling adversely effect their lives?
we found love in a soapless place . HAHAHAHA
Santos down 2-0 with 44 minutes gone in the second half. And tied it . Good by Tigres. Rayados vs Santos
The fact that Romney can't remember HairGate is chilling all on its own. Everyone else involved remembers it *damn clearly.*
lol me too
It seems to me that if you can only vaguely recognize a subject in a artwork, then it really lets your imagination create its own vision.
Ah well, the website is down again at rewards time. Every time I think it will actually work but alas, it never does. Typical.
I hate it when the weather does that ://
In 1872, Susan B Anthony was arrested and convicted of attempting to vote. In 1979 the U.S. minted a dollar coin in her honor.
did the eagle scouts have a badge for lying too?!?!? you must've gotten many
Always trust the person who can see these 3 things in you--the love behind your anger,sorrow behind your smile & reason behind your silence.
Epilepsy Update is going well. Community and docs learning lots about epilepsy!
I don't understand the willful ignorance. They said a lot of the same stuff about Kennedy 50 years ago too.
thank you for supporting the team :)
Welcome to the club...
So, what wines are in your weekend plans? Stop by the Diamond Ridge Market, sample a few and then take a bottle or two home?
i agree with you on that, i am seeing it all on tv and nyc looks like a ghost town
Mane dis hispanic chic got a big ashh booty done here Fridays
Need the Old Don, please, not liking the Howard Johnson's Model.
Hey kids, want to feel old? MJ is 49 today.
I like cereal c:
Amandeishon hi, its me.
Happy Valentines Day ladies. We have Vday specials going on until the end of the week. Give us a call.
Super cute!
Oh homework, I rather take you to dinner than do you..
ever notice how there is a distinct limit in the number of good movies to choose from? check out the library for a book or go to INDIGO TREE
where was i when yall were taking that pic
Thanks Debra! Much appreciated
2 1/2 men still in reruns - when is Charlie coming back
Be sure to pray & spread word to every day, every morning, every night, say a prayer for Alex <3
that's exactly wut we said
hey u follow me,,i follow u
Discovery of Witches - still with vamp romance but not as gushy as Twilight; add libraries and old books for an okay read to pass an aft
Q2 Also, will I be working with library IT, college IT or both at the same time?
We are twin sisters from another mother :)
For #LMA12, there is a reserved table and power source in every room. Username is LMA2012, Password Dallas - cap D.
Follow your dreams and never give up!!!! Love you all!!!!!!
im chimchim voice and what that do umm umm bitch #FREEMYNIGGA BOWDOWN if u from 3ward u know who tht is
OR I'm a rambling lunatic
Blood on the ice...
Omg, why am I crying?
happy Friday, wish you were here this weekend :(
That's great, we hope to see a lot of USTA League tweets from you this summer
Thanks for following! You have so many great words!
good taste, Ed!
expectations as a fan? Theyre not a BCS team right now but they're my fave team. Wheres the harm?
yeah for sure. Like most comic books :)
This is your life, dont let other people live it for you!
The Masters!
im good x wbu
Thank you for the birthday note. Wayne sez hi
Great meeting you at ! Let me know when you need a stunt double.
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 28
What is the best book on Branding? The Brand Gap by Marty Neumeier is a fave of mine.
Do you think there's a rehab for tweet addicts?
Subscribed to "Straight from the Leaf," thanks for the #mystic_tip! LOL
I don't know if I can let this one go. He explicitly said not to. Repeatedly. Maybe you need some ginseng?
there are a lot of wrong ways to steer this.
A person's true nature always has a way of showing through.
night $50 in his pocket for free
Your website is gorgeous... kudos!
I wonder what the people at think about my demo, ha. RT this!
Solved feb 13th NY times crossword with MY name in it this morning. Cosmic good sign for my #are4 exam today.
“A mistake proves that someone at least tried.”
This city is far too cool for me.
Listening to Why Stop Now.
Wine vs. WAC... tonight, the wine prevails.
dude is my hero!
Saw Bishop Gene Robinson speak last night, one of the 3 most historically significant US leaders in my book--so inspiring!
I know..I can't have none though lol
Not too late to place a Scentsy order and get in the drawing for Snapshot!! My order closes at midnight and someone's getting lucky!!
not after the gunners get suarez this summer. Ha.
Oops! Forgot to add the hashtag
ikr-really in brooklyn but...
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Arnold Palmer tea, and are making this sick day a whole lot better.
as in that's what's up on the tweet
RCI Inc. Creating a Stronger Community One Individual at a Time..add us on Twitter
Im going losers i need outta the house anyways ive had a bad week
Finishing up Fall Orientation. These students have officially begun writing the first chapter of their Oakbridge Storybooks..
Always smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 9
Next time you hear Mitt Romney speaking, close your eyes and picture Will Ferrell doing his Harry Carey impression.
Bored. Done watching these videos.
Gonna have to get over the fact that my room will be a complete mess for the next month 😔
Nope, but will def. Get myself a virtual seat! Thanks for the "heads up"!
Just bought tickets for Guitar Wolf in April. I hope they play for five hours at non stop blistering volume.
because i'm princess, duh.
Buy an Egg Sandwich and enjoy a free 12oz Latte! Offer valid all day, every day until 10/31.
Bridal shoot today!
If I get fired...well
and that is tha truth!
Why is it that every shorts you see are made to show your crotch? Everything seems to be getting slutier and slutier! Idk about you but,
the summer nights go something like this: skunk - outside apartment - sprays almost every night - YUCK... know any skunk deterrents?
Wanna go to oak brook mall
wen its meant 2 be it jus happens on its own...
martin i sent you a text message not sure if you received it just wanted to wish vivianne a belated birthday.
He was not in the final four. Not sure he got an interview.
I can't wait for the 56 to be complete man it looks awesome!!!!!!!
Although we dislike all this rain, it might just be the best weather to study in. What else can you really do?
RT : 50% cuts to higher ed in PA. How will we build a new Pennsylvania with that? Mud huts?
Come check us out 10/10 ! Its a battle of the coverbands but...we HATE covers. It'll be interesting...
collocating life threads/people, sharing YouTube videos, seeing pics of friends & families babies, passive stalking, pics of dinner
You are one of my favorite actresses. I loved you in Sister Sister, 227, One on One, and more. I always believe in you ;-) Love
": Your car is going to be fixed, in the name of Jesus. :-)"~~~Lol!! Thanks Corey. I've claimed it!!
: Thanks so much for serving as a panelist and workshop facilitator!
Sorry about all the birthday tweets. But i fuckin love my birthday. Its the only day i have an excuse to be a bitch
have fun in Prague
BMA Milwaukee Student Networking Night. Libiamo's Restaurant. That's where I'll be Tuesday eve.
Grateful for Chicago style hot dogs, and the many vendors thereof.
Today was awesome the resurrection play was amazing, I didn't mess up! Haha
#WeirdFactAboutMe I so hate being alone!
RT Bought my mom a kindle fire.
I could lay in bed ALL day.
Let's go DT! God bless you all on the broncos team.remember you can do all things in Christ. Stay sharp and focused.GBY
RT : Unorthodox creates space for orthodox. < creates space in general, yes? (expands universe of possible)
ooohhh... i do love Cali, but the East Coast is pretty darn great as well---and they have much better (warmer) beaches!
I hope you put out an album soon. I'll be sure to buy it! I've loved your song choices and talent.
so did i.. ahha
Never let parents do the shopping for yah :)
“We don’t stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing
you are beautiful too :) <3
Great day for lessons in digital PR
#Braves get a hit from Jack Wilson and a lollygagging Uggla can't get around third, I feel like a Cubs fan right now
Um, I suppose....not sure how to answer that one.
I didn't get any fabulous job offers this weekend, so I guess I'll be back to killing things tomorrow. I'm a songwriter - not a killer. POO
Come on QuickBooks, need you back online.
aw C'MON power search it for me Brian!! LOL
Thanks! Congrats on the pilot!! So exciting!
Just talking about being picky and setting your standards high for home repair and remodeling. Go to oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com for more.
Now, GJ is listening to the Tubes. I can see why they were a One Hit Wonder
Remnick, call me... just nailed your little caption contest.
#brands are you local and proud or nationwide and stubborn?
my phones broken, facebook messenger?
Double Wide in Dallas tonight 10:00! Come party with us!
Scientists aren't sure what color dinosaurs were. Good to know :)
Recording vocals on 5 tracks...UH...lot's of track management ahead of me:)
omg maybe we'll have classes together...lol
Thought it would never get here:
cool. That actually worked. Now what do I do about the toothpaste smell?
I'll be posting a new series of biz tip videos in the next few weeks. Hopefully, you'll think they're better than the last series.
Don't want to go to bed because I know I won't be able to sleep.
check my last tweet son! its really #official *sigh*
walk to my house
HEY U SHOULD FOLLOW ME CUZ U FOLLOWED MY SIS !!!!!!! js!!! <3
omg seriously?! So proud of you right now!
the Fabergas curse.
The Cake Boss is making an appearance at the office this afternoon... I hope multiple females are dieting this week
Anything less than Pierre McGuire for #Habs GM is a major letdown.
This is really close. Bumgarner and Cain canled each other out. The rest of the deal depends on need..I'd lean towards doing it.
i'm not going skiing w/ nobody black people and snow don't mix . send me to Jamaica and i'll be happy :D
RT : Hallmark Creative Internships - app deadline 3/1! Tell your friends...
Human Victory: you reach your end as a true Leader w/o a Title, knowing that the great deeds you did will endure long after your death and
We got to witness a Jonesy HOME RUN in person today!!! Wooohooo!! :D
they not winning the championship this year
According to this AM, red wine makes you healthier & beer makes you smarter...drink up, folks! It's FRIDAY!
Jeremy Lin slightly tore his meniscus
you and austin are crazy on your random videos, lol!
I don't smoke it anymore, but I still say
then why not make a movie? ;-)
getting hype for this lakeshow game man.. we in la we gotta get this.
We are not conceding. We are actually just in wait and see mode.. You should try it sometime Neill.
nevermind.. as a fan we dont want to see it and expect better..
The only thing constant in life is change
Packers are playing tough!
:) RT : Ooh, boy: just had a nutritonic kombucha by Fantastic. Thank God for great pacific nw products!
Klaus, you lent a professional edge as the cohost of the Webinar, looking forward to many more!
Check out the website, listen to the music, buy the albums and sign up for our mailer! Dont be afraid to send some feedback
Seriously, who gives a huge test two days before the final? So much to do
I still have a beard.
Such great performance art! #clubs distastefully fascinating!
that's what espnews old me. You are a feisty bears fan #toughcrowd #Cowboys #cowboys>bears :)
are you working on more music now?(:
Wish some bitches would come to.neubig already.
he should've backed off one more time. Poor approach into the 18 green at best.
What the hell am i doing up at 6 in the morning!?!? Ugh ill end up sleeping the day off -__-
Just got in the van on my way to prac
There are always a few dropped balls on Selection Sunday. This year didn't seem overly brutal. Wouldn't want that gig.
wholeheartedlyy Apple's sending out 1,000 iPad 2's for a fantastic promotion, go to this page for details! ipad_3_giveaway
Seemingly coach's decision. He's on bench. RT : Why is Espindola not starting for RSL. Tactical decision or injury?
Am I? Padres are worst in the league in swinging at pitches out of the zone. Amongst worst in p/pa & several others key metrics
I Let the rain wash my worries away
im not i been stop and this is the first time i ironed my hair in years oh and guess what?!
Happy Hour starts in 10 min! $5 glasses of wine, $5 cheese platters and $5 charcuterie platters from 5-8 pm!
Had a great time at #InfoCamp. Kudos to all the organizers!
My @ replies aren't updating. How annoying.
like in front of fine silver ranch :) walking towards silverbrook
if i didn't love you guys so much "Literary Map of the Hamptons" would probably merit an unfollow :o<<<
: Hopefully I see u in Vegas brother....
Oh shit. You alright, man?
Would anyone like an invite to TopHatter? I've got several.
Lots of of bacon with and stephanie
Remember this, who you believe you are defines the way in which you create and experience your world
The way ASU moved the ball on that series, the Ducks have to be pretty happy with holding 'em to a field goal. 38-27 Ducks
lol what up lady!!
Currently drinking a Franziskaner which was brewed in strict adhereence to the Bavarian Purity Law of 1516. Which is my favorite law.
either for me!
nobody messes with the bear jew!
Thanks for the follow
#uksglive would argue that an article is not fit for purpose - his purpose = research
Pink haired guys that you yelled jkiehjuijeuih to XD
Hanging in there like a hairy biscuit.
Marketing Yourself From the Inside Out
I want to call me cus im bored but i doubt he will
RT : DreamBikes has plenty of opportunities for volunteers, including stripping bicycles for parts, cleaning, repairing
reading about new literacies over the din of an iron maiden concert playing on the new paladia channel - where is my black t-shirt?
Miami tonight?
Aint shit on tv... Bored outta my mind
Thanks! My feet hurt, but it was a fun day in a GREAT city! :-)
Sorry, sweeties, but our crochet project has officially SOLD OUT! We hope you'll join us in March...because our project is gonna be CRAZY!
Ak! Forgot it's a holiday weekend in #Tijuana :( traffic looks aweful driving downhill to the border
Who else has been watching the Chad Ochocinco dating show? These girls are stupid! He can't seriously be attracted to them!
is doing filmstuff.
#edchat I wish we could!
Sorry - we didn't get your message today! All was calm by 6pm. Let us know if you made it or if you need to reschedule.
Work at 7am,I am screwed.
Semi-finalist and student from Point Park University, Chelsea Ringer has changed her hair more than 5 colors in the past 3 years!
Just one word: "Logistics." It's all about logistics....Ohio Means Business that is. Next on time warner ch 362
Motto for the day...... listen more and talk less....
thanks sis we got it covered
I just adore Sandra Bullock
hahhah! so uhh...since when does alex have a girlfriend..?
you both smell nice!
Tell them, "god, I hate bigots!...oh, no offense."
Gettin electric up in here at the fieldhouse
I got 5 days to make up my mind. Money wise.
At the Puyallup Fair. Whispered in my ear by my 10-year-old son's friend: "Mr. Dever, the lady in front of us has a beard AND a mustache."
I'm currently reading up on the Viking expansions of the 8-10th centuries in an effort to fact-check old material.
yea I hear ya
flyers' fans beating rangers' fans?!? you fracking idiots. the game unites-- we don't beat one another. go away.
Lunch w Dad. Such an AMAZING resource and an AMAZING father.
so i guess it wouldve helped if i wasnt late lol.
When your at the dentist<<
Congratulations Elizabeth!
In the lane of unbridled spirit! About to take UK over
well, it could have been Mono maybe :)
OMG WHO DO I SIT BY
I love to see men tweet about there girls and vice versa....let the world kno ur proud of what you have!
What a beautiful sunny day in SoCal! Rockin my #JCShoes today, woo-hoo!!
Who;s live blogging the #Edgars tonight? What's the handle?
game is definitely on!
I wish twitter would let you know who unfollowed you!
my phone's home screen seems to think I am in Bulawayo. but it's 75 and sunny there, so maybe I would rather be there.
its a car game lol its cool
Do you have dropbox so i can send you the video? Too large for email
Headaches suck, concussions suck even more :( shower, ibuphrofin & bed
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP=
Whoop! Great job Ags! :) “: What an amazing night! Perfect weather and a GREAT GOD. Shalom final total: over $128,000 donated!”
Hey, I just met you and this is crazy. But here's my number. So call me maybe
I love you lol you are my idol :) please #follow me
RT Playing the 140 with 25 bounties tonight, will also be there, come join us
Both are available, although I am booking shoots, so mornings are best, say 11:00.
Caltrans says greater than expected damage to a drain pipe forced Sunday's all day closure on Hwy 78. Story soon
Getting #pizza in my science class tomorrow :)
And now the moment we've all been waiting for...#Giants vs. #49ers! Who will be crowned the #NFC champion??
hi Ralph! The lad has been jamming w/his electric cello at school
Right, and in the intervening period, I moved to NYC.
Rejection Letter V arrived via email. Worst blow yet. The job for which I had prepared my syllabus for a Chrétien seminar.
my God is mighty to save <3
Saw 'Lost Girl' on Sci Fy -- interesting, tamer version of True Blood weirdies walking among us.
I don't really like my painting teacher she's kinda annoying
Always keep an open mind, along with an open heart.
Our full support goes to
tomorrow morning!
Happy Valentine's Day to all the #DNation runners in the world! We show our love by making our miles more meaningful!
I found mom's 1980's fuschia sequin tube top WIN RT : Sifting through grandma's closet - she too has a sequin section
gues who i ship you withh.!?
I feel a little behind the trend with the whole #yolo thing... But whateva. Back in ATL and weekend'n it up
Full Bench in the house for the Celtics.
wish I had been up to see you in MS last wk. Saw Lee Ann Womack tonight here, love it! How u feeling?
All I wanted was you
Life is like Facebook, everybody just wants to be liked .
65 and sunny in February!!
only 21 more hours...
He's young yet & has much to learn. He will in time!
Another show tonight with at the Whiskey in Hollywood at 8pm hella yeah!!!
Don't duck fat fries sound good to you too?
THANK U FOR TWEET FOLLOW ME ;)
killed it in tonight's #CNN debates hopefully the majority wakes up from it's ignorance and votes for
you're one strong lady if I've ever known one :) keep your head up all your hard work will pay off!
WELCOME TO GOOD BURGER, HOME OF THE GOOD BURGER, CAN I TAKE YOUR ORDER??
it's a chocolate biscuit! Not just A biscuit!;)
Eminem feat Rihanna-I love the way you lie...
damn i know you too well...ctfu
Perfect springtime combo. RT I see a tart flambee in my future, as a reward for Easter Egg hunt and long bike workout.
Thank you so much for sharing! We love to see that you're seeing us in the community! Way to #LiveUnited, have a great day!
With St. Croix bridge headed for approval, just one more pathway for Wisconsites to swarm across our borders to the good life in Minnesota.
I just won a million dollars from Or a beer from the fridge. Haven't decided yet.
THANKS! We love this product too!
car insurance-Oklahoma City | Yukon Experience
bf is best friend by the way :)
Baked salmon and garlic green beans for lunch was yummy!!
All I really need in life is Harry potter and pandora and sleep
Doing great where you from
#inspired by 's _Hey Vodka, It's Me Chelsea_. A #hilarious memoir is in the works... now!
I love you much more
We just observed the birth of our first butterfly here at aMuse! We can't wait for more Painted Lady butterflies to arrive!
Oh, I know I was being silly
Wet snow shoveling this morning. Good for the heart.
Oh late-night infomercials, how you try to suck me in with those "call now!" deals...
lakers need to stop leaving OKC open cuhz ya knw they a jump shooting team
Warren Taylor is my hero. Wow. Great talk.
We'll be tweeting from our Autism Speaks event! Can't wait to mingle for a great cause.
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im giving half of my $$$ to Trayvon Martin's family && start a organization named after him <3
Took a walk today and was taken back by the sound of the birds and the flowers peeking out of the ground. Beautiful.
We are using SendGrid primarily these days... but going to check out Marketo. Thanks!
Reporters at a popular bar called The Abbey for reaction to the President's remarks.
lmao hell yea they would but they ass would be straight after that
god justin bieber is too funny LMFAO!
I refuse to follow
text me, yeah bro?
them all I can prob find one online or
Last call.
Good morning ~~~~~
ii can't stop laughing at myself
So American Idol is in Nashville today... Umm who's going with us???;)
Bam RT : "The arc of the moral universe is long but it bends toward justice" MLK
A relationship isn't a test...so why cheat? :/
yes i am petey pablo! if you say you're coming back i will cry
thanks for following! I love my bracelet I bought in there last week!
I get it now.
nope I missed it, got a quick link?
BTW, we may have our issues, but we're not "Untied" yet! :O)“ is coming back to the Untied States of America!!!
The "Trail of Tears", the result of the Indian Removal Act of 1830, is one of the darkest chapters in American history.
id like to think of myself as a young elvis in the flesh or young hank its whatevss
nothing. High school is so Ughh . Lol what about you?
Students must genuinely care about the work in school if we expect to get worthwhile results.
Looking forward to Thursday! We are bringing a crowd. Yes!!! Go Alonso!
"HELD" by Natalie Grant, pullin my heartstrings.
Check the blog now.
I agree.
Seriously thinking of nuking using personal email. If you can reach me via Twitter, Facebook, every chat protocol in the universe, text..
Spring Picture Day is coming on Thursday, March 22! Remember to send in order forms that day too.
It is the period between now and My Day of Judgement which will take place @ My Second Coming that you must use wisely 2 prepare your souls.
Going to jam with pops on some blues and hendrix. Using the Strat today!
can't argue with that. Someday I will have the honor :)
I hate fake hoes
Organizing #projecthydraulics into github.... stay tuned for a public repository!
Hoping for the best but expecting the worst
Thanks for the compliment! Hope to see you at our upcoming events - and please audition for our future productions!
Haha. #sizzlinghot Come prove it in person at HH tmw with , and other fun bros.
Lightning talk: , Project @ : Mobile Historical: online database for interpretive text, photos, etc.
In awl right now!
Norah Jones "Little Broken Hearts" vinyl finally came in the mail! It's even better than I anticipated..
i'm sorry, i won't say anymore ._.
hows your day? :D
The last supper at dining courts...for this year! Can't believe how fast it went by!
Nice! Let me know what you had!
. love your coffee & espresso!
Alex Clare album is so nuts
You should have realized by now it's all about the quality
man anytime I'm out here
That's why I didn't go to the back cause you were there lol jk love you Torey! “ I see you 😃”
If GZ was black, the bail would be higher than 150k. Maybe no bail at all.
packing blows but every time I see my asshole neighbors, I go pack another box.
Awesome day in #Chicago! How 'bout some blueberry or raspberry fro yo? They'll make you think of spring-promise:)
I can't believe you're up at 4am! Its 7am in Miami, so that's my excuse!
This is ridiculous...
#ROC #recruiters & #HR : avg vendor rating at our last Career Fair was 4.4 out of 5.0 w/ 33% claiming it was better than other Career Fairs!
well then enjoy my friend..
how's it going?:)
3 games I have upset picks are going right now. And I'm watching them all right now.
"Folks, David McIntosh is the real deal. We need to pour money into this race to help him combat a coordinated attack from pro-choicers."
That Is Lovely Sometimes Its The Complete Opposite ...
This Clever Love
Def. a focus on including diversity in everything we do, not as a separate initiative from a small group w/in an org.
March is going on now followed by open forum at 5pm and then General Assembly at 7pm
Hopefully gonna be out of here by 1 o'clock
Thats So Cute
#dml2012 Seeing great prototypes for connected reading from Nokia. People in Books uses depth cameras for an embodied story book experience.
Thanks. Part 2 is now up.
Almost didn't publish it. But what the hell. Hoist with his own petard, etc.
thanks so much!
#JumpStreet 100% took care of the problems with Lily's birthday party. I'm a happy camper. Top notch management.
I haven't talked to you in FOREVER
Stand-By Alert ! ! Attenberg -- Sunday
. had a great spotter keeping him away from 3 trucks. Nice work.
Sweet! That looks damn good.
Just found on YouTube and I've been watching vids for the past hour.
Sweet! Yeah, sounds like there will be a few going from Seattle for sure. It'll help in the madness.
Alright im working on one!
lol you funny..YOU were supposed to call me back tho
Ultima Ratio => Final sanction
THE WEATHER IS SO NICE!! SO EXCITED FOR SOCCERR:)))
Thanks Jen!
I will try to have completed copy tonight
Well? What say you about SYTCD performances?
It's going to be a long night ...
Become a Freek...www.freekshowradio.com
I will not be beat down physically or mentally.....
Still have a Boflex for sale if anyone is interested.
"For everyone who asks, receives. Everyone who seeks, finds. And to everyone who knocks, the door will be opened." Matthew 7:8
It should be a good day. The sun is shining, and the Son is shining!!! :)
bitch I'm n bed needing to wrap my head n I ain't even do that
Why did I every stop studying to Norah Jones? I wrote so many awesome papers to her in undergrad. Must continue this now!
Kelsey Barlow can't be denied.. Top ten his destination.
Is the only reason i like bananas because I'm gay????
Thanks. :-) And nice to meet you!
My uncle had to put his dog down and he's wicked sad about it. I feel so bad
never seen anyone happier to get a hit than the #Nationals Gio Gonzalez
GO STEELERS!!!!
great post! If I could pick one skill right now it would be to fall asleep! :)
Both but you NEED 7 that are in past tense!
Where my bf Sylvia ? Haven't talked to her :(
While I was trying to figure out what was wrong... I had a real strong feeling to be quiet and be still... so I did... Continued next tweet
RT has been working on a special project - we're very excited about this one! Check back next Tuesday for details!
have to work the next 14 days...
You HAVE to come and go on the ride - it is SO fun!
Our only show for this month fell through :( anyone have or know of a good show opportunity? We will be prepared!
Officially moved out. Goodbye Tallahassee 😥
Beary bear with my brother!!:)
o' yes
Whoever finds the secret skrillex show first wins
yay! U should write a post!
thanks for the retweet!
Damn Sure Right "Meg Pokrass writes like a brain looking for a body. Wonderful, dark, unforgiving" Frederick Barthelme
Got my goldfish doh~
I love your bitch rants.
I would agree that if we are God's children, His sons & daughters we would be motivated to obey it, at least pieces of it
In 1898 Louisiana Invented the "Grandfather Clause" other states soon followed. Look it up if you are thinking about NOT voting
I love my bf . Hes the greatest ever and I wouldnt trade him for nothing :)
Yay! Keeping us fed, bum leg and all! Thanks, happy tweeters here tonight!
you should double up on your bagel supply! :)
RT as of tomorrow i am back on my health kick. regular exercise and a good diet... i miss feeling full of energy!
Great seeing you, too! Good luck with the rest of your semester!
Merry Xmas and happy holidays from us here at Seductive Society....
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 19
oh, God yes. I'm literally shaking right now
great actress since she was younger but now she is the best!!!
NIKKI. When you're "Love" sick, then you can blame me
I love the new Dr. Pepper 10 & it's cute lil purple-grey can! (Not for women, my ass.)
I just changed my username.
S/O Big Dawg Nick2oon to the CitiTeam Family
I like the chicken flavored ones. Good! I weigh 16 pounds, MOL!
RT : Reds' 3rd place finish in NL Central extended their streak of not finishing last to 28 years, MLB's longest active run.
Wha hoo! Starting the blog will be GREAT! Make sure to check out the girls @ stratejoy.com for inspiration! :)
Make a video highlighting your product or business and place it both on your website and such other sites as YouTube.
what you think about hitting up one of these Reds v. Cards games this weekend?
FUCKING TRUTH! ": You can't even imagine the half... so stop assuming a quarter bitch!"
several thousand satisfied customers in Cleveland. Interested in what you have to offer!
What constitutes good writing encourages participates to join together and to accomplish meaningful things
If i were a super villain id want to be the pussy toaster
#Trayvon was killed because he was suspicious in a hoodie I say watch out for men in suites #Wallstreet robbed #America blind in suits
Each Groves residence is designed to meet accessibility requirements to ensure residents receive care in as dignified a way possible.
Invited a coworker to play Quizzo w/ us tonight. This could either be fine or a HUGE mistake. Still not used to having coworkers my own age.
they're desperate enough to troll YouTube? ;)
yea that does sound good wit some goodies lol
Happened to my hubs in October - in 1 single day, we received a total of 27 solicitations through phone and mail!
October 8, 1956 - Don Larsen pitches the only perfect game in World Series history. Yankees beat the Brooklyn Dodgers at Yankee Stadium 2-0.
Smoke Something Bitch -Pimp C Voice-
looks so tasty. But be honest it kinda looks like a frog at first.
Hot as hell in this house and tomorrow is gonna be 90.
I'm just having fun.. ;) you know me! I miss you too... what you doing?
i got Texas Toast in my sinuses!
my mom just emailed me bout a show casting people who are "constantly hungry". "You have to submit!" she said...No one knows ya like family!
"nothing last forever"
Like, school?
Sending up a prayer for your mom.
Yes, Madonna booked VIP tix!!
so how is your day going so far? :)
Back to GP today for some G&T's, Cigars, Croquet and Family Time!
you just watched it for the first time?
Why would you ever watch SBTB post Zach Morris and Kelly Kapowski?
Heading to Coventry again!
I wish my face could be seen:-(
Thinking about joining the army
is it only me that can burn my foot on hairstraighters fml?-_-
Come on mocha ... do your magic Monday morning thing!
Listening to the R&D guys. We're finally fully staffed with the addition of Welcome, Jeremy!
#ReasonsToSayAmen because jesus exist and i am reedemed
Good Morn'n P man I enjoy'n hear'n that voice of yours
if you could start an nfl franchise with any player who would it be? My pick is Rodgers, u can win now and he's still young
Research shows that interactions between healthcare providers benefits patients. Do your healthcare providers communicate?
oh ok, yup, people were insane today. saw your GF this morning along with Master Chief
we've got the secret to driving more traffic to your FB and TW pages! email me at
is this real talk time??
It is arrogant to disregard and foolish to turn away
The Travel Goods Show in Las Vegas has finally begun. What booths are you looking forward to the most?
heey can you do me a HUGE favor?!(:
you love those Martins! The RB should still be there too.
No lie, thats one of the cleanest Publix' ive ever seen! Baldwin Park is like a city of its own.. It sure aint Orlando
Thank you to everyone who came out & supported! Thank you & for your time.
Absolutely move on 2 the nxt phase. Don't linger on the mistake. Waste of time
Got ya hommie. Check out my youtube page www.youtube.com/soloxquzit
Grilled flatbread with confit lamb, white bean, fromage fort, smoked tomato & oregano
You can't bullshit a bullshitter.
this is where the "mythical man-month" may be instructive…….
In the site BlogingABDC has the highest votes, with 37% of the people voting for them as the best performance last week! :D
Songs are so much better when you haven`t listened to them in a long time.
if you need someone to talk packers on your radio show, let me know
RT ISO: Nice librarian lady for the sharing of the living space for Annual.
Who is going to be my 100th follower
Pandora knows me so well :')
k bye twubby ! *blows a kiss*
2 am in the morning, and I can't sleep -_-
Phil and Lil ate the craziest stuff lol smh
Thanks and for telling me that I have been successfully keeping my Twitter stream polite.
and it's a coors light. Did that come with a dental dam?
What Visimeet features do you use the most?
so proud of you four! what a ride it's been.
Hook's 15 year cheddar is in the house!! Stop in for a cheeseboard and a Duchesse de Bourgogne. This won't last long!
#nmsugraduation what a beautiful prayer.
And my day begins with a cancellation...time for paperwork and other sundry documentation tasks.
With Morganza opening only Alon in Krotz Sprgs is closing due to high water. If river traffic is restricted all bets off
I still get all jazzed when I find an unusually large 'flake' in my cereal.
Thoughts on healthcare: capitalism loves competition, except competition with itself.
Sounds like a plan!!
#summerjam2012 beez in the the trap by my love #TeamMinaj all day ever day :-)
All these agencies should respect their devs. Because when they leave they end up working for 5 of your competitors eating up your mrktshare
I wonder how many fans didnt get their follow from him yet.. I know Im one of them!!!!!
Yes Chris we sell both new and used Macs, as well as iPads, iPods, and Apple TV. We also take trade-ins and collect ewaste
thanks for the reminder! Can't wait! I'll have to refresh my memory watching the last few episodes on Netflix before hand.
I hate to say it but... Today = No bueno ):
Been hanging with my ex lately, and we were talking about how even though I'm sober I'm still ME. I always will be! <3
Feels great to be done with the website launch. Very happy with the result. Already working on improvements with
We would like to invite you to our festival this Sunday @ the Ronald Reagan building from 2-9pm. You'll feel like you're in
Who does the voiceover for that commercial? Dat voice.
on the TurnTables!!!
I like drawing busts!
Ouch... Trying. Too. Hard.
Bahaha Oh so true!! RT : Kobe Bryant — No respect for women or ligaments...
How do you feel about the #occupySFSU camp that has formed in front of Cesar Chavez? We want to know what you think about it!
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!!!!!
Campbell's Soup is now advertising their product as "farm grown." As opposed to what...mined? Found at the side of the road?
Great Alumni brunch at Annenberg Beach House! Nice morning/afternoon with great people!
never thought of this but did Gov Daniels deliberately take a shot a Gingrich on the "family" comment?
things are totally coming up Kaelan - how about a #hawks win to top it off?????
Psanders is ugly in his profile picture tho.
meet he jus moved there!!!!!
How was the tour? So glad you came by with !
THIS THANKSGIVING AND CHRISTMAS SEASON I THANK GOD FOR MY HATERS.
haha i got the a anestesia done and i was messed up! Look at some of my tweets from yesterday and they look like: ksjsfu suxushe jkf
i just woke a bit ago and hace to get this house packed up and ready to move....
See the losers in the best bars. Meet the winners in the dives.
then I guess we're never gonna drink together.
The john carter movie was actually pretty good. too bad it will be gone from theaters by tomorrow
You should come over :) Its your turn
Wisma is serving up healthy and affordable on-the-go meals! Pick one up for dinner today!
Now Ellis has offended Producers everywhere.
Bob Seger is coming to rock Arizona tonight at US Airways Center at 8:00 pm. Check with us for some last minute tickets: 888-493-0004
So excited about #RNC2012 We're glad you're here doing walk thru
The Vow was amazing!! Had a lot of fun with and Hannah. (:
YOU SUCK.
... You bet your bellbottoms. Just gotta make it through work tn and I'm home tomorrow!
Home and finally unpacked.
thanks. Didnt realize yor tourny was for charity. Great of you to do that. Gonna donate to Children's in support.
April Game, ED of Art Pulse will be taping an interview for Jazz88 this afternoon
If you would like to place an ad in the Father's Day Celebration program book, email us a
Now that my eyes are drooping and my head is aching... Time to go read more "A Feast For Crows"!
listening to Telephone! Great band!
We are fighting a hacker. Have been down for 4 hours or so on some of our apps. Working to block the hacker. Thank you for your patience.
I invented a new golf ball that will automatically go in the hole if it comes within 4in of it. DO NOT carry it in your back pocket!
SIT THE FUCK DOWN!!!
The Hometown Buffet downtown scares me silly. I have seen customers do really unsanitary things and the staff does nothing about it.
is killing on the drums and my brother romel on bass:-)
Happy Easter<3
hahaha! How so?
sorry aha next time, it was only half a water bottle full
Follow back julia lol
Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
That amazing moment when you post a comment on facebook and everyone likes it.
no proof that he did either just one test that was tainted and 2 subsequent negative tests. Get facts straight.
Want to attend #surgecon, but neither me nor my co. can afford $350 to get in :'(. Here's hoping for some videocasts!
Willie O'Ree Lives!!!
plus she was a cumdumpster, so always fun in bed lol
RT : The Beastie Boys basically invented the concept of the cool white person.
you never forget your first love
What am I getting? What am I getting???
I like how they show Chris Bosh at the end of that Men in Black (3)D commercial lol
Today's specials: chicken + rice soup, lemon pork belly with coleslaw.
whoever that nigga is u RT'd said some real shit lol
I'm hungry e.-
haha i was typing too fast. & yessuh. Here Bored As Hell.
Playing this Fri @ the Barking Spider in Cleveland and Sat @ Pete's Tavern. Come check it out!
AWESOME WIN FOR BIG BLUE! Great way to end this amazing weekend!
Anyone else catch Green Jelly's "Three Little Pigs" on SiriusXM Liquid Metal yesterday? No? Just me? You guys are lame...
so it feels good to be back?
RT : That's the new Ancestry DNA test which I also did
I'm feeling good from my head to my shoes...
Welcome So glad you were able to join us tonight :)
we shood take one tomorrow
Lover...not a fighter :-)
"You work out who you like best and then you pretend not to like anyone else." -Jez, Peep Show
I just ate some yummy hors d'oeuvres @
i already am (:
And with #Kzoo2012 on my mind, I suppose I should write my paper for that.
"Show me how to love, show me where to start #activatemyheart" #Nataliakills!! FUCKING LOVE HERR!!!!
Very enjoyable 5 mile run on the soft horse trails with a friend.
drive safe! From your FLORIDA PTA supporter and partner!
Yeah but who knows what Elway has up his sleeve lol but Peyton is a Rockies fan! And he is spending the night in Denver
“: Character is how you treat those who can do nothing for you.”
What's your favorite exhibit today?
come back strong next year bro
i give up. i aint about that life
thanks for the shout out!
Thanks for your interest in our work, Email us to learn about volunteer oppty with Holocaust survivors.
Anyone know when #Nike is planning on unveiling the new #NFL uniforms today?
I told the Internet that my gf cheated on me. No one cared. I then told it what I had for dinner. That post received over fifty comments.
Posted a ruff mix preview of my song "Mill Valley Matinee". Hope you like it. :-) www.sonicbids.com/rachelmargaret
The woman who took our order at breakfast was exactly like Bon Qui Qui, but meaner.
Devotion? Check. Coffee? Check. First class of the day? Check. Great day so far and its only 10am!
Tonight was amazing! Thank you to everyone who came and sang their heart out with us.
Consuming information only allows slow trails to being educated. The real work is in creation.
Bummer to hear CincyPunkFest 2012 has been canceled!
It's actually just sad to see Ali now. He was once such an electric performer and athlete...now has awful effects of Parkinson's.
Go to System Preferences, General pane, and uncheck "Restore windows when quitting and re-opening apps".
It's 4 fucking a'clock and I already got the post limit on tumblr. I have seven hours to find something else to do.
do you have to ask?
lame-wad.
djcdub at gmail
What do accountants suffer from that ordinary people don't?Depreciation.
Sales experience in television and want to sell time on a Christian TV station and website in Las Vegas? Contact ASAP .
I Wanna Wingsuit Outta Plane..
way to blow the #lions game by missing a sure touchdown
When I was younger, I totally thought Tracy Chapman was a dude.
50% Highschool graduation rate in NV??? #weshouldallbeashamed! Glad I'm teaching a few design courses at IADT!
Yay! New icon!
i've been riding back and forth visiting family im going back home now. i'm gonna be riding for 4 hours.
My daughter Tiffany and I...when I still had hair....ouch!
i understand. I try to go early in the morning on a day early in the week.
Ouch, looks like that might sting just a bit. I bet a couple shots of patron would help...
Honesty is the hardest but most beautiful thing next to forgiveness.
Groove Theory: Beck and D'Angelo - The FADER
Spending tonight drinking beer from Great Lakes Brewing Co while wearing my great lakes t shirt. It's a theme night!
An old quote about more than programming: "I don’t know what language engineers will use in the future, but I know they’ll call it Fortran."
yeah for "Together"
Familiar melody… Ah! You haven't lived until you've heard "Achy Breaky Heart" in Spanish, blasted by your neighbor down the street.
I can't eat.
#nowplaying Afterlife-Avenged Sevenfold
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
This conversation right now in the car <<<<<<<
damn so we just getting it cracking all day lol
Ridiculously good episode "Muscle Woman" is, by the way. Love it.
#bleedgreenandgold you should probably see a doctor about that.
Avengers 3-D. It was good but like 4 dollars per D.
Woot! #ptr11 RT : Good time at this morning - couldn't ask for a more gorgeous morning! Loved cheering on all our
Let me guess, first mom was Danica's?
Now Playing: Anna and the Legend of the Bookshelf That's 4" Longer Than a Smart Car.
Back in Pittsburgh.
haha where did you see this? this just made my day haha.
Grace Period is a Non Profit started in Washington, DC & Kingston, JA.
i didnt see that it said her
trying to figure out whether I wanna go out or not! Hbu?
Nothing says Thanksgiving like watching #thesongremainsthesame with Dad. Thanks Palladia.
Done mowing time to chop up some branches.
Thanks, I'll take a look.
I ate to many cheezits, now I owe you a box of cheezit's.
aha why thankyou ;)
congratulations Thomas Robinson ....good luck Monday night!
: true that thanks!
LOL good advice:)": lmao.. Word 2 the wise never eat what Mother n Law cooks!!!!"
This is when my sad face comes in. RT : Unfortunately, most orgs dont :(
Alright Ordered the ppv tonight. Don't let me down. Give the X Division the proper showcase they've earned and deserve.
outrageous, right?!
thanks for following:) how are you?
hope u get it sexi
we suppose to be getting one eventually
It's so foggy by the lake right now that my glasses are fogging up. You've been in an unusual mood this week,
I think of the people of Mali. I hope times of trouble dissolve and the sound of the kora rebound in peace.
you're awesome
Thanks for the mention Rozanne!
TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT! Magoon's - THE LEADING AVERAGE!! no cover - be there!! please?
Good Saturday morning, Tucson! So glad nature's alarm clock--doves cooing, woodpeckers' rat-a-tat--won't let me sleep in. Gotta love 'em.
I don't know about that but maybe if the whole team played
oops almost forgot bonus ToD: confusion never stops...clocks/ coldplay
He says you don't remember me , I said bawl nigga ! He says embody know lil fat fat . Well NOT ME MUTHAFUCKA !
I'm biased, since I do it now, but I think the easiest way to find anything is to go to the location page.
today should be a good day ..
A high school teacher in Salem is accused of having a sexual relationship with one of his students. Details at 10&11.
Yes...in the Union Station Annex.
Still can't print the free tickets!! I want it so BAD!
I was trying to buy a few days ago and all the links were screwed up :o When I saw it being fixed today I said YES.
I was fighting one girl but her friend decided to get me and they attacked and then it was her friend and I.
Now following you!
Good ass day so far
Tomorrow we'll be easier to get to! We are giving away cupcakes , make sure you stop by the family stage & pick one up FREE :-)
Yeah they play bridge with Jack and Diane.
I'm so tired :/
what?! When?
": Okeydokey I'm still @ wrk!" Okay text or call when your off!!!
Just shook Gov. Kitzhaber's hand. Feeling pretty good about it. Excited to hear his speech on clean energy!
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe everyone lies
Shit you're right. I guess I'm his wussy cousin who has to use actual medicine.
I sometimes try 2 take a break but i just go back 2 it. Im going to try a break with no Kpop stuff but idk how long ill last
I think it's alarming how many of the 1985 season of Hee Haw are no longer with us anymore. Where's the outrage there, Goodell?!?
Who's ready to watch on #kickinit tonight ? :) disneyXD baby!
how i met your mother is good. too bad its done
So many White House "armchair quarterbacks". Republican or Democrat, try being President for a month, week or even a day, then pop-off.
leaving tne grocery store
Its the kind of problem you want to have! Country radio has been great to me my whole career. I can't thank those folks enough- G. Strait
Half the time ANB has no entry on the person I'm looking up
thought this was going to be about JC Brooks ;)
OMG .. we did all this work and now they not answering the phone?!?!?!?!
seriously? Call the cops. Want me to come home and save you?
Stoked for the opportunity! RT : not even sure I can associate with you until you do!
so you picked 'oh haii wafflez' as a backup? wakcjob
Every dog should be as lucky as you!
Ha! Lucy gets all the attention. She was went on the long 1/2 block walk to get it.
Watching New York Minute♥
what's ya email?
The Taylormade rocket balls.
if I could I would. And there I just quoted phish for the first time since 15.
saw #newlyweds at the SAP event last night and it was fantastic, keep up the good work
You can't just watch one interview. It's not possible.
For years I thought Maven was a pain and I didn't understand it's utility. Now I kinda get it. You can teach old dogs new tricks.
If your occupation is in sales...
Lolol. Love ya too! Go tar heels!!! ;)
I meant in general hah, I've been snoozin
haha yeah i bet, just another source of procrastination for me... maybe after my finals haha
Thunder just HouSEd the Bulls.
so cool to meet you last night. Congrats on the awards. Looking fwd to seeing u at upcoming chapter events.
why is George jones following you? He must be super creepy
Listening to one less lonely girl
Yeah I think about you from time to time... but that's only because my mind... wonders... ^_^ - Kiera C
Im kinda flattered that haters are spending their time making TT's for us. It makes me feel special :D
's talk was a beautifully elegant and heartfelt conclusion to my #gdc. Thank you.
Had a great time at last week...6 sessions in 5 days! Great job , Dennis Gruenling and Michael Bram...stay tuned!
I love you,good morning my love♥
No problem, kind sir! Im really enjoying the great insight u provide on your website! thanks for the
Rethinking the Unthinkable At #TEDx Evergreen
Still playing around on the internet.
chef, is it true the darker the berry, the sweeter the juice?
To my Dallas peeps, be safe and take cover!!
Ughh so sore but whatever I gotta workout now then shower then sleep! Night yall! Love you :) <3
What to my wandering eyes should appear, but Philly fans with class & respect as they cheer as Flyers leave ice in defeat? #BizarroWorld!
It's uncanny!
cmon: who possibly believes B&N is going to win the content war w/Amazon? If you're going to buy DRM'd content, buy it from the victor IMHO
now following this man " I'm Leavin" best betrayal line ever
sounds good to me too - .01% transaction tax will shut down European markets and drive people to US financial markets
Seventy percent of success in life is showing up. ~ Woody Allen
Last day in Vietnam! Gonna miss it! :'(
Do u know when #EVO3d gets its #ICS update?
Agreed, but thats why we have a free version. You should check it out
Today is my dad's birthday! Wish I could home to celebrate.
The groundhog is just a lie perpetuated by the liberal media to argue for or against 6-week global warming trends.
Jordan I told you to stop eating that crap! I vomitted in my mouth just thinking about it. YUCK
"Daddy I want to listen to Radiohead" = Raising them right.
Come on! RT glad to have you here:) Let me know when we can grab breakfast. Can't wait to show you
That's bc you're the most interesting Baltimorean that lives in Philly.
To the #Knicks celebration-haters: Yeah, was a bit much, but how would YOU react to your 1st playoff win in a generation?
JUST GET MARRIED ALREADY!
let's see about scheduling that! ;)
If (insert appropriate religious figure here) had meant for us to block the streets. They wouldn't have invented treadmills.
on #startups: it has become a culture!
Now watching Bridesmaids . Funniest movie ever !
"NCAA basketball fans are the most digitally connected, followed by NBA fans." Bret Werner (Catalyst) discussing 2011 Fan Engagement Study
Uh, wow : #didyouknow Chicago's concierge make almost 5 million referrals/year?
I wear weight lifting gloves when I rub my dong.
love your designs on Dribble. Would love to talk about a small project. plz DM me. Thx
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 56
Baby you light up my world like nobody else the way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed !Xx
Minimum wage for servers in MO is $3.63/hr, not $7.25... Tips pay the bills...
i want u to take over control take take over control lock it in an turn me on
do you have an instagram? I'm posting pics up there
truesay. Too bad my Revolution doesn't have ICS...
That's it! Vengeance is over! I guess John Cena nor Alberto del Rio can wrAstle.
There goes my baby!
7 miles + speed work getting ready 4 only 6 weeks from Sat. Who's ready ?
Got to meet and tonight :) I had such a great time!
it's knowing where & to whom to sell to of course
the Target shopping cart tweet...my thoughts exactly!!
Mike Gospel is 21 today. We wish him a very Happy Birthday :-D SWEET!
Hey What's the best thing to do on the drive to spring training? Watch moneyball of course!
performing at Drom tomorrow with BrownRiceFamily opening up for Dub,Inc. Its going to be a Crazy Reggae party. come thru.
Whatever. You (and I) have been rooting for the Flyers since Wednesday. We were already through the looking glass.
“: A poor leader will tell you how many people work for them. A great leader will tell you how many people they work for.” true!
When My Days Look Low Pull Me In Close And Dont Let Me Go!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Movie recommendation is the original "Dawn of the Dead"
Thanks for the RT.
you A bound?
Thank God for another day.
I'm good like that. (: lololol, nah your icon. nobody else has that icon that's how I know.
Bradshaw: telling of his happy amazement learning about how humanists work, what they want to do with data and tech.
You mock, but when I hear you died from a spider attack, I will have the last laugh.. :)
just saw a outtake of 21 jump street the movie and they didn't ask u to be in it Is it going to be like the series ?
welcome, welcome!
Kobe is great and all but adding another ring won't make him like Jordan.
I'm good wedding planning is going good just a bit less than 6mos away now. Almost there
come back into my life!!!
You would think that this is common sense...however, not everyone gets it!
can i have alink?? thank uu
Walking out of the science department and a bunch of teachers who are eating lunch stare at you like your stupid =
rick perry's use of the word "gong" made me have flashbacks to the unknown comic, maybe he was ron paul?
How do females work in Love Culture and they swagg still be SHITTY......
how fast do you think the warped tour presales will sell?
choosing songs to work on next week in LA I think we've narrowed things down to the top five, ready to roll.
Being a man sounds difficult. (Other than having greater professional mobility and control of your own reproductive rights).
hey girl
I was living there this past summer
In the money... 12 players left in Omaha 8 or better :)
Once again, THAT SPINEBUSTER
best song ever
Much appreciated RT : both are very big influences on my personal work
Your body is its own kind of machine that needs its own kind of fuel- learn to fuel it right at #NutritionWorkshop; tonight at 5:30!...
Nicole Scherzinger is adorable aw
Did I mention that I LOVE MISS ROSS!!!!
yay! North Central Counterpoints
Just saw you on Entertainment Tonight. 100 pounds and 10 dress sizes! Gorgeous on the catwalk. Will miss you on Dancing...
What you crazy.. he cant hold jeff teague, rondo or jrue holiday
Very sad. RT Living near a schoolyard is sometimes sad. Saw three episodes of bullying today.
What the fudge?!?!
aw, man. THAT is busy.
hey Cakes, don't pussy-out and stop hating Lebron just because you met him tonight.
entrepreneurs of Allen are meeting at TopGolf Saturday at 8pm if interested DM me.
": heading home after a GREAT court run w| my team #LoveThem :D" keep working #LadySaints! I'm saving my gas money.
AYYYYYYEEE RT : I got that swag for the next 2hrs
Thanks for following! If you mention that you follow us on twitter we will give you 20% off your sod order.... Offer expires February.
What's the contribution you can make? Fred Ali , , Carol Goss & Bob Ross
Your so inlove that you acted insane.
why cant my coffee be tequila?
Quantifying marketing effort results is key! Feeling like something is working isn't really a good way to do business.
HERES TO ALL Admit it, at least once in our life we have all tried to balance the light switch between the on and off position.
Wrote a new sing last night I believe it one of three fast tempo songs We have
Why am I even awake??
You better tell em Lena!!! You don't needa take this bullshit no more!!
Bad call
shut up bro
At a casting director workshop at 9:30pm & it hasn't started yet! Will have to rethink my membership in this workshop group.
Playing bartender till 6
We have been havin a crazy night for te Black Keys!! madness!!!
How is everyone?(:
Getting Taylor ready to go hme.
hey !! i listen your cover and they are #AMAZING #SWAG #AWESOME Grettings from
Can someone please take me to NY this weekend?
Golden girls 24 hour marathon on hallmark!!! Ka-Ching!!!
I miss you more and more lately.
#20thingsAboutMe Im very nice && love to help ppl!
RT New video, new stories on the housing stimulus now up on www.housingzone.com/stimulus
what kind of grub??
I'LL WATCH IT ONLY IF ITS GOOD WHO'S ON TONIGHT'S SHOW
can you help FXFITVID get to 500 followers by the end of the day? Please RT!
#FF Jack Kevorkian died today. I'm sure he'll always be remembered for his oil paintings and his jazz flute.
Beauty agenda: 7th Makeup Show New York, 5th Hair & Beauty
Calamari - Is it best dipped in cocktail or tarter sauce?
Any negativity, regardless of if you think someone deserves it, is a reflection of the individual releasing it.
I 'liked' your page- love your clothes. That fitted daisy skirt is so pretty!!
fOLLOW FRIEND AND GET FOLLOWED RUSH
What's the best drink to have during the game of the century?
I'll take them off your hands
txt me soon :D
Off to Lisbon and Barcelona for the week, see you all in May!
yeah I should've slept longer!! Haha
hey are you still going to wear a maxi dress tomorrow?
This paper is coming together.
R.O.C. was right on point. I'm still playing 1977 tho
Cause I'm gonna NEED that Audi A4!
i would believe that if you had ever set foot in a gym.
Okay back to American football.
do you live in melbourne !?
im here for u
ya when sanders goes nuts its all good. i just hope we can keep ersan and ellis, i know rumors have sprouted about trading BJ
hahaha. life lesson for billi -- escape and i'll bring home another dog
Check this out! SUMIKO'S has elegant, one-of-a-kind designer clothing that you can't find anywhere else. 3007 Main St, Santa Monica, CA
I'm going crazy, cause he throwing money..
how about this one for a #classicjoke, just read it 2day, girl is that a keg in ur ass, cause i wanna tap it. Lol
Latest #LowerNorthForkFire: National Weather Service says winds will be calmer but humidities will be higher. Fire estimated 4 square miles
Plotinus would be very important in this look. I am not conditioned by European Enlightenment even though I am curious about it too.
Yes, you're right Tony was one of the great actors of our time.
whats ya sched like today son? Me n ya nephew wanna come holla. Plus Im gon get some more stuff from u
very cool. Won't be able to make it across the river. Hope you'll give a report at #NITLE symposium
Lmao! The funny thing about that I don geh new specs!!! Lol
It went undrafted, which was about the best call either of us made.
I dont kno why i let it get this far...
You're #drunk #rightnow aren't you?
RT HELP! Apple or android apps?
Rainy day brunch and NY Times #perfect #bottomless bloody Mary's Nd mimosas to boot
Ugly Dudes Always Talking Down On Females... You Lucky That Bit*h Even Gave You Hope...
I mean, doesn't the answer always come down to your mom?
ya don't answer my messages either. Or squish my wife too thats cool!!!
Prom next weekend? Lets see how many people copy
Just heard Theodore Peña's talk on Pompeii. He originally planned a section on my Twitter namesake Caecilius, but he changed his mind.
we don't fix things, just smash 'em! lemme know how you fix it though. worried..never troubleshoot macs cuz they dont break!
hope you have a good holiday while off tour, thank you for your countless performances, you’re an amazin singer :)
thanks for the RT David!
Obama seems to have more multisyllabic words on this plot, which is interesting...
I really enjoy you movies!! Make more, make me happy! I nice when I am happy! hehe!! Have a great holiday weekend!
is that the one I'm supposed to fall in love with?
Yep...that sounds about right when talking Big 12 football. Snooze-fest!
Patron comment card from last night: "I love everything about this play." So do we! Happy Opening to The Pitmen Painters!
#PlanOfTheNight , Make The Bro Laugh Till He Pisses His Pants lol
Virtual Worlds and museums - maintaining reputation and authority in field is important!
pay half of it in taxes! Then, try to take over the world...
NAW I'M GOOD THIS HOW I TALK LIL HOMEY
us too! Ha ha.
i can't handle my bully(ies) anymore
Prepare for battle.
If that's his hoe, that's your hoe too..& if that's your hoe, that's his hoe too..
any chance you & will be doing any #perma songs on the tour? Or just in Atlanta!?...
Medical Marijuana for Metastatic Breast Cancer Patient; Long Beach Medical Marijuana Doctor /www.mcsocal.com/blog
be nice to the mexican.. . :P
Proud of me 2day!
You know you're on when you make #SCtop10 when your bucket didn't even count. Felton-->Crash throws it down. And goodnight..
Jeremy Lin is the man!! Let's go NY!
well I miss my friends /:
im bout to come down there
atta' boy clarence!
It's Wednesday.... Fried Chicken time!!!!
Unfortunately we do not, we'd love to come back sometime though. We just haven't had the opportunity come up yet.
That Thing You Do!
that should really read, before OPENING FOR
my question is: what ARE the essential facts that we "need to" know? What are the things for which we should rely on google?
giiirrrl me and the rev. Mother drove past today. And someone illparked in the front and I had no where to park
lmao not bald fish bitch !!! Lol
20 days until Christmas and 27 days until 2012.
#WhatIMissMost looking in2 them deep brown eyes at the look on your face rite after I cum up 4 air n start 2 penatrate n u push away monein
Can't believe 2011 is coming to an end! Describe your year to us in just a few words. Ours was AWESOME!
When I'm asked if I want a copy of my receipt I say "Of course!", then stare the cashier down as I eat it.
Let's party till we're knee deep :-) !!
RT : Golf Naked of course RT : Eat. Pray. Love. Or golf naked.// just don't forget the sunscreen
Wow people at the Florence Kentucky store are so friendly *rolls eyes*
quoted in article "How #GSA Could Have Saved Taxpayers 75%"
Oh no...feeling a bit under the weather.
I can certainly understand why U have a cephalopod obsession. I like 'um 2. I'm busy helping educate & inform people 2 psychopaths.
Happy Winter Solstice! xoxo
Taking a little nap before heading to the Sharks v Red Wings playoff game. Being sick sucks. Go Sharks!
how yall gone tell me ... cp3 all day
Sometimes I wish I had a cute guy to text with..
Damn, these kids get out late.
its all good...we live and learn...but iv just been trying tosave up to open up an ice house on the 1960 area...soon I hope..
I miss julissa right now, these kids are weird af.
Hey Yogie! How are you? Great new cover!!!!
afraid I buzzed in before you, Chris.
inspired me to use twitter more often...
Hippidy hop shut the fuck up
Going to see my best friend for the first time in a month
Top-secret project or softball team?
"It's August 1...what have I DONE this year?"
#2012 Year of In Union!
No more basketball. Hockey time! After 2, #Cornell 2, #michigan 1. Big Red pk kills 5 on 3. #ncaa #hockey on U
my grandpas still kickin it's his 85th birthday
I roll with a band of gypsies
So excited about the work on the FSA-OWI photo collection, looking forward to building off it! Thx for a great event,
It takes two to make a thing go right. It makes two to make it out of sight.
Today... Smile at someone you don't know! SMILES ARE CONTAGIOUS!!! :)))
that's alright :)
I'm the professional creeper hmu tiffles
They do that at W Balt a lot. Probably an exercise.
We'd love for you to join our community while you're at it! You can sign up through #LinkedIn too.
Damn! That dude cleans up good!
I don't love Castle, but anything with is good enough to watch.
Archer marathon, total sploosh
to retrieve a quarter!
It's Friday , hurray !!! NASCAR this weekend . Hell yeah
Try refreshing your browser to see if you can get the chat to appear. Let me know how that goes
#SouthernMiss claims the C-USA title, defeating Houston 49-28. Congrats to both teams on great seasons!!
I'll be there! RT The flock is gathering TODAY at at 1p! goo.gl/CvML1
New iPad white, iPad 2 black. Easy to tell the difference.
THATS TRUE ,, PEEP MY POLE GURL JAM WEN U FIND TIME COLAB THIS THA DALLAS O.G BUT THA JAM IS AT MYSPACECOM/OGBIGGTRAI187
Brunch in gtown to watch the kick some ass!!! Yeahzaaaaa
Did you ever get out of bed?
Half a loaf is better than none.
thank you for following, twitter put a limit on who i can follow back.. i am trying to get it removed.
where u at
so jealous! cap a girl one too lol
"Current College Students Struggle to Survive Rising Tuitions". Be sure to have enough money saved to account for fee increases each year.
your picture makes you look like a whore :P
WOW. My vagina is super pissed at politicians right now. Mostly Republicans.
I produced some good numbers
Even the toughest stains are nothing for Revolutionary Cleaning yacht and boat cleaning. call now : 866-970-2532
First semester of college, every student should be a server/waiter/waitress. Learn to be polite.
Man it feels like I been away that's what life does super busy but lovin Life to the fullest :)) Elysce Baby everyday all day :))
Good question RT : How high will states set the bar with #CommonCore? What failure rates are politically and socially viable?
Join us for the Bears Game Tonight! Pizza, Wings, Beer and Da Bears
I agree, you can't do a whole pre game show like that!
must to be doing good, no? he's got #16millions of fans, and he follows all believer execpt me -.- WHY?
Many casting calls are coming out. Prep by scheduling a Private Lesson with Laura Mathis, voted "Best Acting Coach" in 2011 and 2009!
Plus he is a great role model for my little girl do your thing JB much love coming from this
aha i like that and me follower s r #lovesavers haha just kidding i love it hakuna matata :)
#Pens don't #believe anymore. Getting beaten all over ice, turnovers, bad goaltending & stars invisible. All at worst time.
hey deer foot
Wow. #Lehigh beats 2nd seed #Duke. This after 2nd seed Missouri loses. Glad Indiana wasn't a 2 seed!
Def a Greater > Than Moment. #LeftArmHigh Great to c u today & see Paul Adams.
yes it is, gorgeous wedding!
Hey! Hot stuff (;
woohoo! our first #cluncon spam tweet! we're official!
We're ready for you! cc
Sure. My Dad was a farmer when I was little. The smell of the countryside is manure.
안녕 하세요, 성희! Did I spell your name correctly?
my parents are here this wkend too! Super Bowl party may become very adult. my folks LOVE your mama!
RT : Ya'll have any t-shirts in my size. My master got one and it rocks!
Homeboy had me cuffed up but he talked me into breaking loose!
Did I mention hookah?
So excited to see debut on Around the World in 80 Plates tomorrow night!
Did you enjoy the show?
welcome. Follow please? :)
A mistake is only a mistake if you don’t learn from it
RT “: "What you are speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say" -Emerson”
When dudes claim their assholes..Wack! I'm off that.
Thank you for the op to contribute to #ayearwithmyself!
definitely, getting it on iPad as well. Lots of strange things lately actually for no reason.
So sorry for your loss.
Im not tired. Time doesnt phase me. This is when i needSomebody to stay up as long as mee.
Fired up a web server — mongrel — and now installing a scaffold for Posts.
Gerrard is the fucking man
RT : "The best thing 4 our health is to eat high quality products. I call it being a qualitarian. #FairTrade ensures better...
My Father's side was from Belfast and my Mother's from Cork.
im a pacmanator
great post.... thx 4 sharing. Didn't know about them!
Audience keeps underestimating students' study time & college expectations. Why are we surprised students have high expectations?
“: RT "Rashard Lewis just scored his 15,000th career point." That's about 8K per point, congrats (???)”thanks
thank you! :)
there's a cocktail umbrella in my underwear, you guys.
I believe in miracles# KNICKS
Hair loss treatment optionsAfter you have determined the reason behind your hair loss, you can work on a solution
the #PHXCC is on the 24th-27th of May i hope 2 release before that. editing is taking longer than i planned & thank you for the help
We want everyone to post #BuildDayMemories from last year. If you have one share it with your followers!!
I mean, they were pretty much directly quoting from my mother. Truth.
he boys on the stairs <3
Paraphrasing : does #journalism's embrace of emotional storytelling & publication shift comprehension, understanding, trust?
I don't do anything wrong I just got new friends. So don't act like this
Someone come kidnap me
Lots of people here at the #ulga-yp meeting. Wow!
So u sayin I'm cute?!?
yeap , and xD , she sings very well
me either !
12 hours today. 16 hours tomorrow.
Your Welcome! We would love to help out your residents with Prescription Assistance. Please visit www.rx2you.com for info!
Why you so nice
You talk about kids, but you won't drop it either?
practice... It will probably come natural once you try
#tweetleak this message was leaked exactly 2 minutes before we had planned, damn interwebs!
Ahh Spanish Grand Prix qualifying on the BBC. Excellent.
If you show up 25 minutes late to a final exam you shouldnt get a chance to take it
Good morning! #TimeManagement Tip 2: Tackle those daunting tasks right away. Get them out of the way so you can do bigger, better work!
More dj' ing and singing than writing... lol
💙Because ur the best an give really good tweets i would freakin die if he followed me omg i would do anything💚💚
I'm a leader not a follower. Unless it's a dark scary place then the hell with that, you go first.
amazing day (: couldn't of been any better
I really didn't think she had an affect on anything.....
I'm Tired of school!#readyforsummer!
Sweet. Let me know.
have you missed it at all? Why did you delete yours?
Taking my boy
how is it an out of control judicial system..are other countries judicial systems better ?
ugh, that sounds like a torturous drive. I'm going to KOP. Anything west of philly is a nightmare drive.
Reading this good book and i don't read at all !
I can't believe someone wants to #FF me! thanks! i will try to post more than once in a moonlight moment.
I believe consumer protection is achieved when government regulators do their jobs, not by #Congress adding new laws & regulations
Dislike firefighter fundraisers where truck outside CTA makes me think there is something wrong with transit.
We missed you! It was strangely disturbing on yestersday on Twitter with so little of your presence.
Twitter a 140 character love/hate relationship...What to do? Or not do?
In fact she is pregnant by some faggot In a pansy ass rock band. Fuck.
You read it here first #twalkers: RT : You're on my calendar: May 10th at 1245
Reading 's Dare To Dream during school instead of actually doing school work. Yep.
For when you are feeling alone; "Lighthouse"- by
A Canadian girl found his blog and offered him to proofread his articles
Morning TL waking up is a blessing
this is a joke right???
Whether it's Follow Friday or Aloha Friday, looks like a great resource for #windowsphone and #kiddori users.
Strangers, don't take it personally when I'm (silently) scared of yr off leash dog. How do you even know? I guess you can smell my fear too.
Happy Mother's Day to my second mommy, 's mom. shes great! i love her with all my heart. ❤ hope she has a fantastic day. ❤😊
Getting new prototypes this week! I am getting closer to getting this product in the stores.
Can't fuck with no lame copy-cat type bitch(es).
MIA flips her middle finger at the Super Bowl Halftime Show and now my work Google alerts are flooded with news about it. lol
Former Marty Standish just said in intvu "my wife's taken out her IUD so we're trying for another kid." :)
#HappyBirthdayMamaSanders Happy Birthday
Stop hatin' on taylor! she's good. :P
#RT if you got sum head for yo birthday this year
Looked up the 2 books you mentioned. Pat Conroy's My Reading Life looks like one I'd enjoy. May try to read it soon.
Lin just went Dirk on Dirk!
Kidnapped by BRICHITT!! Mitch thanks for grabbing my truck
said roughly - petitions re noit enough, need to meet with people in person and present them, put a face to cause
Hope everyone is having an awesome Thursday!
Just got back from the local green home business meeting. Helping with web presence.
Bruce Lee~ True refinement seeks simplicity.
yeah I'm thinking the same thing ^^ but I won't for a lil bit still
#rememberwhen every nig wanted good hair so they got S curls
Was at wrk had fun whoo!!!!! Im glad God is makn way for me
only Natural Light...because it's natural...and it's light.
If I knew then, what I know now, I'd fall in love.
no your are bro
Yeah---same error here. I tried switching from chrome to firefox and it magically started working (after a minor panic attack)
Sadly and inexplicably a LOT of Republican women are happy to support these ridiculous laws.
Out busto heading for the barn
Just add few new products on my site, www.ndpclub.com
Im really sleepy
I think I'm finally back into the swing of school or maybe I just have my head towards the top of the water.
": will you be at musicfest?"debating which day r u going
Doing a little research and would like to get my FB and Twitter Fam input. Why do you think most people are not fulfilling their purpose in
some ice cream sounds good right now...:)
Where I'm suppose to be lol hbu RT : we're u been stranger
We should be able to text 911. You know, just in case you're hiding from a psycho killer and you can't talk.
Knowing there's a "NO!!!" doesn't help.
helps to improve alertness and
You're a daisy if you do!
Kick-starting an AV #Archives Inventory Project tomorrow... "I'm going to Jackson..."
thanks Logan!
If? Haha mine will be whether they like it or not...but I have a feeling they will love it and thank me later in life
The one about Vanessa!!:)
Why Did Ray Ray Have A Crush On Willow Anyways Lol She's Way Younger Than Him
uw baby...and Ty the kids r fine
No Problem. (: AND I love your music. When I first heard "I Could Lose The Night" I knew I was going to love the rest. :D
a slut is just a woman with the morals of a man
i miss you too little black square! i hope you can make it!
every thing that comes out your mouth is fiction, not fact , so plz stop with your lies .
All these potheads in coral park are getting out of control.
Dolly Madison has already swooped in to make a counter bid.
It sucks waiting for him to text you first because you don't want to be
At Southeast Venture Conference #SEVC with 60 presenting companies and Chuck Templeton founder of keynote
Can we just pretend the Midwest region doesn't count?
my heart jumped
What was the web award for?
Natural Health Magazine Annual Subscription Just $3.99 » Coupon ...: If you are looking to get in to more organic eating and natural ...
The day I wear a silk shirt and heels to work, I'm assigned an outdoor liveshot about the stormy weather.. just got pun'k by the news gods
When was the time when history could be captured?
Big up to to the giants.
hello!:) can I ask you something?:)
Just booked multiple photo projects in San Diego and Los Angeles. February 5-15. I do still have a few open dates in anyone is interested.
Exclusive on NBC 7 at 11.. New allegations of officer misconduct at SDPD.. This time the accuser is a fellow cop.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world? #idareyou to try this #badpickupline at the club tonight.
Is Twitter messed up? Won't let me add anyone! 
RT : understanding someone does not mean you necessarily agree with them.
Full house for ! RT : If you're not at the tonight, you be missin' out!
u need to tweet
RT : If you have a cock for me this morning ~ retweet!
same. We can learn from each other. We are both students of love. Wow so deep my n-word
So many emails about the Dictator today.
good luck and go for the gold tonight. i love listening to you during the race. you are great at what you do.
thank you for the RT! :)
Sometimes it's good to really look back at everything.
trying…keep trying. Things are good getting clients this month and bringing Graffiti to the public
it's a sorority thing.
Am I really about to watch the season finale of SMASH? Yes, yes, indeed I am.
I will!
#nowwatching 1000 Ways To Die (thanks to )
Well you're a Catholic (as am I!!!! whee) so it's acceptable because it's our holiday YAY EAT ALL THE CHOCOLATE AND BUNNIES
Omg just two more hours till my weekend!!! I can do this!!
Hi!! I miss yaa. Do you have betos # hehehe I'm gonna spam him
Nope, not at all... Besides, I'm already high on your music!
When I'm alone and I start thinking. I think about EVERYTHING and then it messes my head up.
Judging with & at MBA's 5th Annual Talent show. Go #Youth! Good luck to everyone tonight!!
Tough loss for the #Flyers last night, but that's the way playoff hockey can go sometimes -- still feeling good about the series though.
And btw I'm at fuel and futtle
she's not going to give you the money
I'm not tired but I'm tired of being up this late with the other one or two people I know on this shit.
At least once a day.
Im doing good chica. Still teaching and running around with my daughter. You? I havent seen you in forever!
1st off, a coach isn't worried about any criticisms. It comes with the job.
No worries :P
#dh folk - what would you recommend as examples of DH projects that are interdisciplinary with a field outside of the humanities?
the sexy sax man was on america's got talent
Warren- I'm cooking up a new play with you involved. How good are your streaking abilities? Need a decoy for Ngata going deep.
Hello! Nice to meet you
damn dude you're a machine. Love the 2.0 tee btw. Nice job on the whole line!
Morning workouts throw your eating patterns off? Try a snack or liquid meal before and follow the workout up with a well balanced breakfast
looking for a java team lead based here in austin!
South Bend Civic Theatre Sneak Peek: Flat Stanley Jr. at the Main Library at 2pm on March 10th. For ages 5 and up. Call 282-4607 for info.
Why is he bent over like that? Does he miss the cows that much?!
seriously? You don't even know what the situation is. If you don't want to see it, stop following and block me.
Happy new year to all of you see you in 2012
MiFi doesn't work. Tech support investigating for weeks. No help on phone or in store. Want out of contract. Can you help?
#NDSA Fran Berman asks does your dry cleaner know what digital preservation is?
That's so funny! Did you tell her they didn't have central heating back then? ;)
So blessed I dont need a man to complete but god second my dad lucky woman to have a wonderful dad love u rickey dawayne taylor mwah
Totally fun, and I think I mostly made things much worse before they got better.
we just played in Albany, GA tonight. Where did you see us the first time?
we could likely end up at more than 10 but couldn't really decide which ones even on the "Fans Choice" option, to plan for early.
I signed!! I hope 1D does end up on Ellen!! Good Luck!
thank you, dear! xo
Now all I need is great sex, which I will be getting tonight, along with good food.
IM OUT FO PRESIDENTS TO REPRESENT ME
I can't believe I forgot about impractical jokers
UGH COMING
I have slept 8 hours in 4 days? At what point does one begin to hallucinate while under the power of insomnia?
Daily Dose of Goodness: "Diploma" is Greek for "folded paper." And now you know what you really worked for all those years.
You'll have to get me before the raptors do. They are quick and ravenous creatures.
Walked through an empty airport... Got a stamp from Canadian custom... Now I wait...
ah thanks!
Howdy boys and girls! Hows everyone.doing tonight?! ;)
Dried mango is heaven
what the fuck
Hey! So Excited!RT for a roll call. Who's going to #BBCVegas Say hi to me&my roomie/wine twin
When David bar Katz asks you to do a reading of his new play directed by Phil S. Hoffman, you don't say no. So I didn't.
Love takes time.
Stop bitching my nigga & just play some b - ball -.-
Add vodka to her water, and she'll be walking on her hind legs before you know it....
so you're like, two stepping into the office and doing stage dives off of desks and shit?
Somewhere. I'll send them your way this week.
More college basketball action on tap tonight. Some very good games. Can #UCLA upset #7 #Villanova?
Thank you!!
Why would Catwoman want all that long, loose hair down her back? That's about as un-practical as nipples on a Bat suit.
hahaaa yep tropical Meth and ur famous coke cake
I think I may have broken the TV remote when I threw it last night.
Someone call Chris Hanson and tell him Steven Tyler is a predator.
What does THE WORD ALIVE, I SEE STARS, MAKE ME FAMOUS, BETRAYING THE MARTYRS & CROWN THE EMPIRE all have in common???
so Colorado is a pretty ligit place
Let's go Murray State!
how about the silver sticker under the brim?
Of course I do. So when you moving down? Lol
Inspiration of the day: My friend who does her job with purpose and passion!
OH : Couch:good NoSQL for mobile for various (sync) reasons; go Erlang! issues with MM of connections, confirmed by Ubuntu implementation
description of forthcoming music sounds fantastic!
If a woman speaks in the forest with no man present, is she still BITCHING ?
What time you leaving ? Where you traveling through ?
Someone I haven't heard from in a long time called me to say, they found a career job, making $70,000. I replied congrads you deserve it.
For some reason our website video doesn't work on phones. Bummer!
Fear's is the perfect marketing scheme for those who project it and an ironic comfort zone for those who consume it.
The cutest kittens in existence!!! www.livestream.com/globalrevolution
OKAY VAN HELSING IS GETTING PRETTY OLD I MAY JUST GO LAY DOWN.ITS WAY TO BORING
Hurry Home ! can not wait to see you guys on Friday
Dear I am so often disappointed by the speed of you wifi. Phone tethering is faster :(
This is how people get busted!! #AskScandal caught em 2 years ago!!!!
and chocolate.
Mom talks shit about Korean-run Japanese restaurants, but some of them are good!
Oh it's all I talk about these days, LOL
ITS GAMEDAY!!! plays Lipscomb at 3pm in the first rd of ASUN Tournament! Time to defend OUR TITLE! #fearthefin GO FINS!
ditto,Paul.
Playing at Lilly's tonight in Lincoln Park with and company. Let's make music! 9:30pm hit.
Teaching business class tonight on tech and social media. Thought I should twitter for the discussion.
He did not die because he had a hoodie, he died because some pig shot him in cold blood and is not paying for his crime!!
Speaker Boehner is roaming D.C. in a Captain America costume..says he's saving America from the solar flare predicted today...bless him...
Why is it that I am always the one to break down and finally talk to you.
Sending you some Cali love...have a great day! :)
I had a good time,thanks
“: "Philanthropy provides the edge for excellence in higher education."”
Busy day tomorrow, going to sleep night twitter 😃
Live for today - Plan for tomorrow - Party tonight!
Our friend is looking for a NY based assistant for the next week or so. It'll be lots of fun. And probably involve kittens.
That was all my sister's nail polish and she bought more today. Reminded me of you lol
Having strength, having the power. #HappyHumpDay ;^) peace&love
Really excited to walk on the sidewalk again. It's the little things...
Maybe I should change my name to Sam Adams. Or Jose Cuervo. Or Jack Daniels. It seems like those are the only boys you'll ever TRULY love.
me three!
you mean you've NEVER sucked on a penis?!
check your Facebook.
Sitting here looking at most daring and they are off the chain.
RT I stand with him. I believe in him as President and I trust him. ... // Me, too.
I am a golod girl . Tatys al I gort to say . Goodnighrt!
Just tapped Vortex Imp. IPA from Fort George.
i like a fight ion like things handed to me if that is so then sumn ant right lbs
mileys getting way too skinny
I smell good today...like really good. Ladies, feel free to get a sniff in...there's a 70% chance you'll like it.
On the 950; Howard Dean joins us on the Political Junkie segment today!
Just found out i play the piano better when I'm drunk...i feel like lol awesome.
Does anyone know a park where you can have a water slide bounce house?
thanks for your help with this. Nice to meet you on twitter too.
on occasion
loved the new fashion feature in the When are we going to work together?
by the way, you got some air time tonight barely but i saw the MF on the back of that jacket.
Besides yourself...who is still around from the shootist...I can't believe its been 35 years.
Likin' me some Twofer Tuesday, you? JK
When I'm good, I'm very good. When I'm bad, I'm better. ~ from 'I'm No Angel'
MLS: NYvLA - With harsh shadows at Red Bull Arena, ESPN camera ops working overtime to iris up and iris down. No perfect solution.
I hate the dashboard too! All I want is a new blank tab.
I'm so tired.
Anybody looking to buy a house in Florida? Now's the time! Let me know what you want and I'll find it.
bigger. Usually more features. But sometimes I have same feeling. Putting out a 2 dollar app in a few weeks.
why did i get an email that u just started following me? lol
Let's go Yankees! 28, here we come!
Dont feel well.
< u dead ass wrong! Damn dat boy need a head band on
It's a beautiful day in BK! Mmmhmm.
what happened? I would love to hear what happened.
O. M. G. Are you serious -______-
Dang, I haven't had a full day of school since last thursday :p
best part about banging a 60 year old broad...
"Oh, and I just saw Tim Tebow..." - So nonchalant...
I dont know why I'm still up knowing I gotta get up tomorrow
lookout for that fruit ninja...
Mixed feelings about that appt
Is it still rebelling if I'd kill for her shoe closet? (thanks!) RT : congrats and thanks for rebelling against Carrie Bradshaw
Why do we work in offices instead of subsisting off tropical piers?
crazy day.
#Imagine You: I've heard some rumors about you dating a model... Liam: True. You: Wha-..? Liam: She's talking to me right now.
well whats the number
pure sex? What video did you see? Lol 😳
What is it that you want? Are you so desperate to bring a teenage girl down by hating on her from behind your computer?
made some corned beef. ready to dig in
Well put. My exact sentiments.
Never burn your bridges, there is no telling when you may have to try and cross the same bridge again.
Although there are, or used to be, a higher end line of true religions that werent so tacky.
That is so true you are keeping it real.
Hello Everybody!!! :)
" Don't get me started on the word 'curate' - content curator? Dog curator? Vintage clothing curator?
Really? My friend told me the opener and main event were great.
is the 181 tax deduction approved for 2012?
i can't tomorrow but Wed. would work!
i'll keep holding on.
Long day tomorrow. Still feeling hurt. BUT we're going to Grand Rapids, MI on 7/22.Go support the Toledo Music Fest today
if there was a hidden camera in my room who ever was watching would be dying laughing. i have to stop myself sometimes. lol.
how's everyones night going cause my is pretty meh?
I just had a dream about one direction
Thanks, Tina!
2 joints down and a lifetime to go.
according to rapid motion shown on radar, 1 or 2 pm?
wait....u graduatin?
Hope you're ready for the Baltimore experience style! Can't wait!
hey there...NJ USA here...how u like Canada?' are u native?
Can't blame them for trying! ": What is"natitude" supposed to mean? Is it the same thing as "attitude"?"
Follow and R/T this to win a Full Size Exuviance Heel Repair #contest #giveaway tweetsw.in/608/
eating beaners for breakfast
My daddy just called to see if I'd watch the game w/ him. Bah! I couldn't say no! Thanks for the invite tho!
Not only that, but since when does Memphis get to use the "Beat LA" chant?
short ribs slow cooking in a chocolate stout
Isn't it amazing?! You're entered to win - did you include your ring size anywhere? If not just tweet us back w/ it please :)
lets go lakers
Friday, say HEY! & I also want to say 'pre-shate' the follow &
#speak my mind
hi y'all, checking in from Pittsburgh
#Avengers was awesome
WHY ARE YOU SAYING THESE MEAN THINGS!?!...I THOUGHT WE WERE BROS!! D:
In line for "The Hunger Games". Heard it's a great book and can't wait to read it. Hope they make a movie someday. Someday...
yup, only 4 seasons, but like 80 some episodes. Everyone has loved it.
I haven't gotten the spirit yet this year!! Maybe I should try the shopping method too...
Time and money spent in helping men do more for themselves is far better than mere giving.
Thanks to all our new Twitter followers! LIKE us at www.facebook.com/kolhaot and keep up with the latest in art & Jewish education!
RT: good luck!/// thanks!
i love you too <3
The lord always makes a way outta no way I swear
Cause I'm not :b
great thanks! you? xx
I'm down to fight !
lol nope not yet
oh really? Aww :-(
nope it just automatically do it
Yoga is wonderful - try it!
Yes! SALVAGE THE BONES will be reviewed Jan 1 in The New York Times Book Review!
I couldn't agree more
U hear theyre doing H vs. Nash in a ladder match w/ a sledgehammer hanging above the ring. Hope they properly tie it up ;)
Love the hair Mama!!
I agree
Weekend early voting hours are here! office open Sat & Sun from 10A to 5P. If you're DT this weekend, come and see us!
I aintt afraid to drown if that means I'm deep up in your ocean <3
10 days til Allegro performs at the WV Italian Heritage Festival in Downtown Clarksburg WV Sat Sept 3 --are you ready?
I need a massage :)
The tickling penguin video is a personal fav! Have you tried Krav Maga? Want to come in for a free class?
Happy Xmas x 1
Lively discussion today about Linzer tarts, hadron colliders, and wombats. I love my friends.
95 degrees in May.. I can dig it.
Just checked the analytics for one of our SEO clients, and they have seen a 1,000% increase in traffic in just 4 months :) Merry Christmas!
actually now just checked. How funny we BOTH got our tweets on our respective birthdays Whilst out eating a birthday meal......
Episode 42 is on it's way! It will hopefully be available in a few hours.
#Vancouver to #Maui on for under $400
Lesbians love when I serve them lol. A little gay just running around serving drinks
They just think it's the cooking channel
Jus finished sewing my daughter's dance outfit4her Officer Tryout dis week.Jus 1 final touch lft 2mrw&she is good 2 go In ISY Dance Wear
sounds like you have a single tuner DVR, you'll need a dual tuner to record one channel and watch another.
right herr!!!! =D haha i go MIA on twitter...
Sounds good, Colin; love to demo Speedcast. Unfortunately can't DM you until you follow me.
Have a Joyous Christmas and a happy prosperous 2012!
They sold out very quickly! (if that helps any) :)
Yup...tough to argue with that...they are always producing some great juice!
Excited about hosting the campaign at the #1khomesrva is working to #endhomelessness in
Highschool, the best and worst 4 years of your life!
RT : "I'm coming back. Write it down in big letters. I'm not going out like this." - Mariano Rivera
go ride the go-karts at coney island
RT : Used to be a fan. Not anymore.
"youre so perfect when you whiper low"
Jesus Christ, I just beat ME3. That ending was fucking horrible. I spent 3 games looking for piece & I get THAT!?
Don't forget to #ShopLocal now into Spring when you're thinking about remodeling your home!
Just came home, I see we still playin around(Pacers)
If the product IS the first of it's kind & WILL bring big change...best way to approach subject with you? Customer?
Ah , I need to go buy some things before work
My kingdom for an analytics-focused staffer.
Is my stomach growling?
You are very welcome! Welcome back, Mr. Carpenter! ": Thank you."
should have scored again
UT offers regalia made from post-consumer plastic, "indistinguishable from traditional polyester". When did polyester become traditional?
Music is the soundtrack to our life & Whitney Houston is such a big part of mine. Her voice was truly something special, a gift from God.Rip
I lose interest really quick
Hitting 2nd, actually.
it was written in the stars at the FIU stadium! Thanks for all your energy ! Great performance!!
Stop stalking me on twitter!
haha! It's literally been in my head all day, lol
Ah! I think I packed my straightener! DX
Havent been on twitter in forever... Well got a professional camera<3 WOOH!(:
thanku for s/o earlier xx
"The legs feed the wolf" ~ Miracle
Saw them last time around & they were loud but not nauseatingly loud, to my disappointment. Maybe they'll turn it up tonight.
Try special offers by text message! Text htsd to 84700... show your text to the HT staff at any of our San Diego locations, and redeem!!
You can justify stealing bread if you are hungry. I doubt you can justify stealing content because you are bored or impatient.
Im having a good weekend do far
that sounds much more frightening.
i wana go to orange beach ,, the wharf .
Listening to this week's #shoptalkshow. border-box FTW!
I'm so fucking annoyed. I want my mom to involve the police so that these thieves from school learn a damn lesson
I'm thinking has another Twitter account, for which he uses an alias. Wish I knew it.
How about going into hiring a real Customer Support dpt again. U switched CM to Marketing last year.
Create a buyer persona based on social listening and research
On the bright side, if Duke beats UNC tonight we would still be in first place
what what
LIVE #TREND (last 15 min): #MOST WANTED #KEYWORD #Come pues on page 314
Just heard a song on the radio. Definitely a fan!
I KNOW!!! I am, too. He deserves this. American Idol is I'm just so speechless!! Yay!!! :D
Can't wait to see Punk'd it's gonna be DOPE !
- Yes loopholes in French rights reversion to author if publisher still trading. But law should work if "orphan publisher".
The crit is too personal & over the top, but it's true I'm not a big fan. Would've liked balance w/artists he thinks are worthwhile
The future of the book is science fiction. Letters plus neuroscience: technology of thought.
no problem! thanks for checking it out.
This life is fun
whoa WHOA lmao I'm just saying you suck you ain't gotta get all sensitive about it lol
I sensed a little sarcasm in there tis okay tho.
Looking forward to your gauzy slogans (present or future).
Cheers, brother! Thanks for the kind words!
Dm. It is a pleasure to meet you. I just asked your company if they wanted to work together on Academics in the USA.
I think you had to be here before 12... :-(
some others we work with that are truly the best in the game julian robles photography
Happy New Year to all our followers! We're hoping for another excellent year here at Indiana Beef and wishing you and yours the best!
RT : "Zuckerberg will soon be worth $6.5 billion more than Yahoo, which once tried to buy Facebook" via
Exactly! What do trained professional librarians know about running a library collection anyway?? *headdesk*
Thought they were in Boston playing the Sox? RT : Orioles all over the place this morning.
Don't have a clue who Adele is but she just owned Katy Perry and Katy Perry's backing vocal track.
uhmmm ha okay
I remembered in the morning when I was on the skytrain that jane did kill red john. I thought you just said that as a joke lol
thank you so much!!!
Mr weatherman, i know its storming out... please get back to my Spiderman. Thanks
Interview at Mott in a little while
- Presumably a rat or a mouse. Almost definitely not a squirrel.
Hi Alistair! Love your message! Inspiring!
Wow your voice is amazing!
ayo text me.!
leave the past in the past
Breaking News: Endymion krewe members have just been told they WILL roll at 5pm today! All Hail!
You're welcome.
Fish naked and show off your rod ;)
Just saw this beautiful Juicy Couture purse, just fabulous at the Designer Store in Tanforan. Somebody go get it for me!
thinks my hair joined Fight Club. It is certainly giving me battle today
I sorry
Last day! Say code word "PARADISE" to your server & get a free appetizer!
Two things i love in life. You, and the free promotion site on my profile. great for follows. follow4follow?
we so do need to play more! Saturdays are good for me after the 18th. How are you doing, girl?! :)
"What the "Haves" have over the "Have Nots" is not money. It is information. —Delano Johnson
...and how old r u? Im asking because of your response, not to the gaming. RT Yes my dear, I am
“: #CelticsNationStandUp” YEP YEP
We know of one team that won't win the WS.
Teacher: Why haven't you started on your homework? Me: I have answered the first problem...your name here
Sadly no but the concept is there. Owning our mindshare is more difficult that a simple data vault. 800M FB users is one prob.
Energy drink, Spicy Nacho Doritos, Wayne Grudem... Let the all-nighter begin!
please join in! I'm not clear on the 1990 comment either....
Nall We Been At It Boo You Was Just Ah Cover Up ASK SOME PEOPLE They Know What Was Up Just Cant Say Ahhahahahahahahhahaaha!
Frantically decorating, hanging artwork, moving tables, troubleshooting cocktails etc. Annual Benefit tomorrow night at 6!
in the words of Ben Franklin "That shit cray"
If you ain't got an ass wear a poncho
Chocolate is the best motivator there is! Anyone who doesn't get it done will be banned from my chocolate bowl for a week!
At #Jam2011 in reg line at hotel Computer problems Go figure
So cute !
Already getting ready for #CincoDeMayo!
You shouldn't be so hard on yourself
Although it has whipped my ass, I will never give up on love, it's the ultimate high...
I would. I just forget twitter exists sometimes. Stupid weed
Thinking about chopping off my mop but idk Ah
#Offline for a while(:
But I'm holding you closer than most, 'cause you are my heaven. ☺
We had to take off our shoes and sit on the floor. Ready for that during the business day?
Competing embarrassing playlists. Her - Britney Spears, Him - Michael McDonald
Noticed there is not much swearing on Twitter... how does that work?
Christina G. Rossetti~ Spring is when lifes alive in everything.
I'm bringing my clients 2 #ClubNikki 2 see perform! This will be a fun night.. ladies get ready.
Them lil moments mean a lot 💜😍
So with you. And wondering at what point do you just give up on trying to get anything done and go outside and play?
.... the god damn nerve of some birds.
Thanks for the margaritas last night and great networking.
Ignorance that does not bend to correction (the wisdom of others like yourself) stops being ignorance and becomes stupidity.
I know for puppies' nonstop chomping, it helps to make high pitched yelps like their siblings would if being bit too hard.
Stuller: Buffy is an example of the female hero's communal journey: she elevates her friends to chosen family and empowers them.
I just walked back from the gym. Man oh man is it nice outside. I love it!!!
oh yea! In your case it's dangerous
Bball Wives movie! Bob Johnson is single handedly trying to destroy the Black community.
You want a girl who can cook & I want a boy who can treat me right.
Just put in a application at Publix too!!!(:
missed pretty little liars... :o
Don't forget your mom this Mother's Day! Maybe get her some roses? M Hmm.
Electronic resources you didn't know existed: The Handbook of
I wanna go so bad. Tell dad we should go for vacation. Haha
oh. those kinds of tools. i wish i was as handy with those as with the digital ones :)
thanks for
#CIAA what it do!!!!wit
More fireworks in a bit!
Watching Victorious And Texting<3
nook by barnes & noble is a superior product. I am a manager at the santa monica store. Come by for a free demonstration.
Attending a play tonight: Woodshed Collective Presents "The Tenant." Should be good!
Pretty sure Hawk comes before Merk and Robin. RT : Power structure at the Cell: 1. Kenny, 2. Sale, 3. Cooper, 4. Merk, 5. Robin.
wuts up my g
Bless your soul. I don't even mind that my phone kept going off for a tweet like that
lol nothing you?
RT : “: Who y'all think I should drop a record with from MEMPHIS??” Yung Swagg
These some of the ugliest strippers I've ever seen though. My eyes hurt.
Thanks to Doc Quinn for the 1st edition of "The Day Lincoln Was Shot". Thinking what have we learned since then.
I hope they at least get a touchdown or a goal
The world would be a better place if we were all allowed to murder one person per year
XD hah i did tell you i wasn't gonna die right?
IN FULL EFFECT
Ha! RT : I before E, except after stanzas in Old MacDonald.
Oh nice, the Senate eliminated due process! What other freedoms can we get rid of?
rock. star.
I could work for you and you could run for me :))
so 13 articles in the last 3 days? is on a writing rampage! :)
Some serious #talent behind the Sixers bench ...
your book..its so amazing its made a difference in me.thanks xoxo..you are also great on housewives...keep it going girl!
The fun never stops! The Gonzaga women's basketball team learns its NCAA Tournament fate right now on ESPN...
Good morning from Digital Archive of Literacy Narratives to our many friends @ the #MLA12 convention!
Insanity for my cardio day is in the books, now time for a cpl of mtngs, then psych homework to be done. Gotta love being productive :).
Tgif!!! Come get hooked on one of our fish fries. You know you want to! Plus Nicole is working tonight... worth the trip!
I totally queened out watching the episode of
This is a 'must-do' RT : Mobile #Health @ Stanford -> May 4 & 5, 2011. Focus: What really works
I want to try ear candling. Anyone have a person they recommend?
AUSTIN, YOUR SONG IS AMAZING!
Much discussion at #CV City Council mtg about whether to change the name of the city's Safety Commission to Traffic Safety Commission..
Seems like a pretty good battle to see who will become the mayor of melrose place between &
When jake blessie freaks out on me for no reason.
I just did the twitter tutorial quiz and my response was accepted...
Compared to a “You are here” map, I see both advantages and disadvantages.
I feel like we should come up with some way to merge the two.
for the definition of Ni**a/Ni**er 1st in italicized letters "negro" then it says any member
We got our SXSW app in yesterday!
East Coast! Hope you're tuning in to right now for #MaryMary new hit show!
we're loving your blog recently. Especially the New Years photos!
Damn, i would totally go see in indianapolis if i was old enough to get into a bar. #FuckAge!
Congrats Nupes! R u there?
Crunching 12 new demo songs down and deciding which ones will make the cut for my 3rd single due out this summer. Like, zoinks scoob!
The commanding British officer who surrendered at St. John's in Canada, Major Preston, has arrived in Philadelphia as a prisoner of war.
no valentine :/ forever alone. Haha
These bitches on Real Housewives Of Atlanta r pissing me off.. especially NeNe big ass... acting like she better then everybody. ..!
You can always count on Cubs fans to be rude and Brewers fans to be low-brow at Wrigley North
best idea ever!
; #MrAndMrsSmith will never get too old to watch two times in a row. (:
My voice sounds ratchet literaly lol <*¡!*>
When is better to outsource or perform locally in mobile development business - at
The schlecks as terrified whippet like Zaphod Beeblebrox is an interesting image
Gave you what I had& you tossed it in the trash
frick friend! Get your phone fixed.... :( and you should call me asap cause my life is filled with nonsense!
Making some notes for tomorrow. Sitting on a panel with and to talk to students at our alma mater.
Excellent! Congrats! (BTW, I've been digging your posts on the research workflow.)
So honored and blessed to be able to sing/speak this morning at a women's event ~ no place I'd rather be on my bday! Jesus be huge!
trying to be important
I'm not worried at all because what goes around comes...
Come back in August for our Festival in Austin.
Faster PussyBoner! Kill! Kill!
Surrender this whole weekend were open sat &sun so get ready! Only place to be
thank you very much! That means a lot to me. Glad I can make a Positive impact :) thanks for your support!
decide what/who belongs in your life and dont apologize for removing what doesn't!!
Mattress King will be at the Boulder Home & Garden Fair on Sat, August 27th at the 29th Street Mall in Boulder. Come hang with us!
Good stuff! Those scuttles look awesome. Def better than my bowl-in-hot-sink-during-shower-then-hope-it-stays-warm method.
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...you approve a "someone tag you in a post" thing & it says="Now You Gotta Say where you ARE!" no CIA, I don't!
It's election day folks! Make sure you make time to cast your vote and let your voice be heard!!!
via Help send 10great students2college through the Earl Woods
Wasted 240 on dinner. Should have paid a fucking scalper
Finally decided on an EP title! :)
I am here at Berklee, Just allowing Divine Love to do what it does best!
Thanks so much! I look forward to listening to the podcast. See you soon.
GM folk
TeeHee one of my followers is really cute xD 💋👀
I have more street cred, because I remember Portland before it was uber gentrified when Killingsworth was really KILLINGsworth
How exciting! Have fun!
It is well, believe it!
Q: "How did you guys take that picture?"
no phone.or ipod
Don't judge people, or they will judge you right back.
Bon Appetit! :) RT Thanks The Newsroom is feasting on the fine food you dropped off
oh & we sold our last #ButterCowBandanna last night so now your friends are extra extra lucky!
Gyming to is so great
Recommend restaurants and cafes to your friends with Google Places' interactive system.
lmfao, this made my day!!!
I have a friend who works there-it used to be PickAProf. Not sure how they get the grades, though.
Wait, wait, wait... Did #Community just poke fun at "corporations are people" in their teaser? Yes. Yes they did in the latest episode.
You say im crazy, I got yo crazy!!!! lol
Naw, you wernt thinking about becoming a vegan.
i loved you...until you made this picture public(;
Previous tweet is another piece about Indiana's long history of incompetent forensics. Dr Gill kept working who knows about the D Tox techs
Hm...going to be in Seattle for 5 days...anyone have some suggestions?
As much fun as driving a pick up drick is the gas managment is insulting
This is how you're going to treat your friend? Is this how it is?
pretty much ....
Real shit, I feel you on that my nigga.
hey yours was our 3000th official comment (w. trackbacks). thanks for accounting for at least 6.7% of the total. ha!
I live near a Safeway, should I give them yr email?
Welcome! But sorry in advance if you're move is imminent and you've never been to Florida in the summer. #hot&nasty
wow its amazing how many people asked me out when they found out i broke up with my boyfriend.
big nite ahead in FUVland with and at Tarrytown Music Hall. WFUV will be recording both!
Totally unnerving
YES. “: Torry and I are singing with the Seattle Rock Orchestra this weekend! Over a 1000 tickets sold, get em soon!”
UNITY wishes to thank Toyota and CZ for this opportunity. A great opportunity to reach out to the community.
despite living in switzerland and seeing plenty of snow, this florida girl is still in awe and loves watching the snow fall
Congratulations to The Portland Bottle Shop for your mention in the Devour section of the WW. Well done!
''a prophet is never a prophet in his own hometown''
If America treated the obesity problem the same way as drug addiction, we'd finally help millions of frustrated overweight people to jail.
Reluctant to tweet b/c my tweet # is awesomely set at 608 #Madison but thinking of Japan today
must of thought he was
I've had a great day -- thanks
Do you ever cook with the Quorn products? Side note, you have some crazy-long eyelashes. Very pretty!
Tweeting in the shower.SMH
Espresso at 8:30 - bad idea - but my work will get done (if the kids go to sleep!)
I am pretty sure Hellen Keller would have done a better job playing Debra messings son on smash then this kid
big hugs my friend...the first one is the hardest.
#GoBlue - Keep shoelace in the shot gun..
Happy 235th Birthday To the United States Marine Corps! For 235 years, United States Marines have earned a privileged place in our...
shoulda retired at the all star break last year
Chilling with my friends.
What a miracle :-) Enjoy every minute!!
First morning at the new digs, I woke up to hardcore industrial metal being blasted from the living room. Really? On a Sunday morning?
"Had I enough mercury, I could transmute the seas."
please check you DM! Thank you. Jose
I want those new galaxy socks
Wow holy fuck when did we past the hundo?!!? Thanks to all the people who read this crap. If we get too 200 we will do something specical!!
Let's face it. Since Buddy and Chan are in charge, safe bet the guy comes from the SEC
Not if Marcum has anything to say about it!
Filling out 1-800-casting site in conjunction w/Talented Actors in America. Time tells many tales! Not much of a tweeter, guys! Sorry! xo
#HappyMothersDay to every single Mom in this world we could never thank you enough for your unconditional love!
Too bad my Mom is at work …
Learn something this weekend in the world of sports? Call NOW at 888-640-9385, or text him at 2247-640-640.
reminder - the current system is perfect in producing the results we currently enjoy or despair; might be impetus for change!
Not looking forward to working tonight! Mondays suck!
Oh, isn't that lovely! :-(
I needa hit the booth asap! i got alot to say on this new album
check out my Detroit based street drama free preview on my blog x
shout out to derrick rose man that ni**a nice.
Thanks! He just kills me with that sweet little expression. 🐶
I think my 18-year-old Chargers joke of "Who knew? Pupunu knew!" is too soon regarding the death of Junior Seau. Liked that guy a lot. Sad.
thanks for all the love today :) you guys rock!
idc lol your penis is small
That's what you call playing lights-out for a period.
Watching excellent PLO vids cracking up over this commentary vs h 'have nut blocker gonna go crazy and see what happens'
Hey Matt, Want to plan a 24 hour Hangout for Earth Day next month? Great visiting your school, meeting colleagues!
I think reading the emails were funnier, but the "they owe us like 5mil because i dunked on them in heels" was good
"Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned."
I did that today for like 30 seconds until I realized my error. Ugh.
If your twitter name has like 13 characters in it, its the first to get bumped when I am over 140 on a #ff tweet.
Hey I sent you an email. Let me know if you got it :) thanks!
Girl, you're gorgeous.
Did I just read that the government is 63 trillion dollars in the hole? What are those politicians doing?
cannot do, concentrate on what you can do that others cannot.
check out the perishers! they're my favorite band from Sweden :)
so rare nowadays..I've come to NOT expect it
well make yo self go to bed
It seems to me only one way to get pregnent while on programs have unprotected sex
plenty of LOL moments tks to my friends on my (personal) facebook!
I hate waiting
wardrobe change for the little fashionista, am wondering what will it be!
Nice! It's always good when you discover the magical drug early.
Really enjoyed the recent article on the NYPD spying on Muslim student orgs. Keep up the good work!
I know! It's usually the helicopters that are stalking us!
RT : Help us reach 2000 followers! Follow/RT for your chance to win a $100 AMEX GC!! Winner announced once we reach 2000!
For average amateur golfers, do forged irons have any advantage over cast?
Developing mobil apps are fun. The process of which- I am not the technical genius*
Computing | R.M. Beaumont Corp.
OK you added commercials online, Y should I watch the same commercial twice in a row? Also Y doesn't your video player work?
Status: Unavailable.
nice. Enjoy.
It's snowing!! And really, really cold.
Dude, that's not even a question. Take advantage of that opportunity!
in Bellwood. Thanks for the wonderful service of running my pizza and check to the car. I didn't have to hall my little ones out
Just finished my Christmas shopping at Amazon.com #retailmenot Now I'm ready for the horrible Christmas music to stop.
Only invited speakers at LoCo Chamber breakfast support #dullesrail. Opponent says he was locked out of public meeting.
I am doing a radio interview with someone whose last name supposedly is "Malarkey." Is that Irish? WDYT?
Is it bad that that gave me a pit in my stomach?
Oh no, that looks ugly. Please just be momentarily stunned, Hoss.
My day has been good so far :)
DJ Spooky asks what is free culture? Explore how apps like make the most of #creativecommons for education
If a politician changes his mind, he's condemned for flip-flopping; if no one "caves," we have anti-compromise gridlock. What's the answer?
Prayers go out to the family of the young boy killed by the train today. It's sad to see his classmates' reactions to his death.
Yay all my girls have joined me on Twitter! I'm so excited I feel like flipping someone! : )
No time 2 fuss with dessert? Pumpkin & Cinnamon Apple cupcakes are great 4 Thanksgiving
t#UArts prof Toby Zinnman reviews Fela! - Cast will be School of Dance today for a talk and a workshop on Saturday...
Looking to have some risky revelations? Learn more from bestselling author
met with a designer to remodel my kitchen today. Happens to be AA & her pastor didn't say a word against Obama Sun. so not ALL bad
#boxing Mayweathher will be former, former champ after this.
Hi! Please help me win, I am 2nd place! Unlock my badge www.kupoz.com/kupozchic thank you!
Dear life, when I said can my day get any worse it was a rhetorical question not a challenge
If you would like something advertised live on our radio show send an email 2 ; title subject : advertisement
k I'll add u to my contact list rite now
follow me please <3
Tonight calls for a run!👌🏃 so ready!
I'm thinking #1 on on the charts good!!!
I didn't even know I needed to learn it when I arrived :) thanks for the tweet and the kind words!
I Dont Know Whats Goin On But There's A Sickness Floating Aroun An I Think I Caught It Too.... *Smh*
And remember, as it was written, to love another person is to see the face God
wow... No bball on thanksgiving!
Have added new avatar to my personal Twitter, Now y'all can actually see what I look like.
RT : So much need in communities for healthy food donations! Organizations aren't able to keep up with the need!
Looks great! And you know how we love a clean design...
loved meeting u <3
Aww quit crying
I was sleep-organizing last night
Discrimination has ended in the US Armed Forces. Thanks to all the Senators who voted in favor of repealing #DADT!
omg i go back to skool august 23
exactly. it tasted so sweet. M... the sweet taste of shame.
Today has to be the crapiest day ever
I hear that! You'll be great parents though, no doubt! I'm so excited!
is Anyone awake wit or jus the doggies :)
He wants me to have a couple of x-rays and CPP blood test.
obviously time to clean up my follow list.
I like how act like she dont know nobody no more. OK I see how it is.
you'll be great :) oh how I miss history.
Dismiss my last tweet. Why would anyone go see a cover band at all?
huge car fire on the 405 north if you haven't gotten there yet.
Sidebar---great shot Kevin Love!
A rule was broken, right? You were all about rules being enforced last night in the Xavier-ND game. What's the difference?
CHEAPEST LEGAL FORMS ON THE WEB: HTTP://WWW.ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
Just had a fanatic 1st day shoot for "FRIENDS." Great job cast, crew, and extras! Look forward to day 2.
Starting work on new film/tv project shortly. More info to come...
Amare Stoudemire is represented by agent Happy Walters. These are the times agents earn their money.
Booked T!
right! Why! A 7 era at the ballpark. Why didn't we ride Ogando longer??
Tyson Chandler to Be Named Defensive Player of the Year
So, now, I'm hungry. It's almost 1 a.m. local, and I'm in a hotel. Ordering food would take an hour. AUGH. #ReclaimWI?
Action Training Systems Wins JEMS Hot Product Award for New Custom Brady EMR Manual
in Central park and it's snowing!!!
My wife just our first baby! A beautiful girl named Kennedy. Wow, what a life changer, amazing to watch the birth.
Thank you! If business builds there will be contests to get free shirts after the first of the year.
The challenge is to find a healthy balance between the superficial and meaningful
this is awesome all day long.
Do u listen to Ld singer goes to and it is awesome workout tunes. Coming back for Man Conference?
I am addicted to Pot Belly's Chocolate Brownie Cookies! They are absolutely insanely yummy!
I ain't done with you baby bring that ass back ..
I have the 4 legged kind ;^). Close as I'll probably get
What the hell?! WHYNOT?!
got my vote*
Awesomeness..RT : IT'S OFFICIAL! 2012 Bridgestone #NHL #WinterClassic will be played on Jan. 2 in Philly. #Flyers vs.
Note to ABC and NBC: bring all your stars to your upfront presentation.
How you just gonna spill someone's coffee like that?
I cant get down with this whole womens lib thing. Instead of making me excited it just annoys the shit out of me.
First up keynote speaker
WOW this dude is 5'10" (same as me) and throwing down in the NCAA dunk contest. jumps 50" in the air...WTF
I would say Rachel appreciation day was a success thanks !
WHOA WHOA WHOA. Crazy harsh.
Lol I'm gone it don't take but one time 😂😂
Hoping for 3 big soccer wins tomorrow! My two dots plus the Timbers!
If it ain't about money, why we
Last weekend of studying! Can't believe I'm gunna be a junior after this semester! Graduation is still far away though!
Idris Elba should've been the new Jason Bourne.
Back from Palm Springs. Great trip. Only hiccup was not knowing TSA's 3-1-1 Rule and half of my favorite face lotions were tossed in trash
thought I was already following you. I'm a lousy stalker. Wonder why it's quiet when the answer is... Nobody else is around.
you have a girlfriend?
Have fun being successful
somebody's about to get unfollowed, i just went over 420 follows...
when it works it works
Hey I want the Cameron for and the Michael for me :)
Fab can't spell MBA or NBA.
We should be asleep right now, but holy amazing rain smell! One more glass of wine on the porch w and then bedtime. Yay tx!
A6: Be memorable by becoming involved outside your job.
hey bro :)
It seems like Christmas came a little too quick this year....
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought.
Your response should have been as follows "No, you need to find another seat." :P
write me at
I love the way u hold me, In your arms I'll always be. You take each & everyday make it special in some way.
yo I slept all day and I was gonna hit u up tomorrow
RT : Those Who Request Your Time...Have Asked You For Your Greatest Investment. What Is Your Return?
what do you mean what is this world coming to? Homosexuality has always existed along side heterosexuality.
I multitask well.
I knew it haha
I been stuck on that for the longest
He's awesome and I'm glad Cory is getting some International appeal.
thanks for RT my friend!! Your post today made me blush.
I'm living my life while I still can, not caring about the looks I get. How many times do I have to tell you I don't give a shit?
After school its shoveling time!
A4. Pro Bowl here in South FL was fantastic...for 30 minutes. Boring, noncompetitive.
Today I swear I will take some time off. So far not so good with that but soon!
Glad you think so. Rodney is infinitely creative in the kitchen!
As you breath, another person takes his last. So stop complaining but rather live your life with what you got. Make every breath count.
Hmm, Im thinkin I can two more hours of sleep in. "Now I lay me down to sleep, I pray the Lord my soul to keep..."
On my 3rd hour marking bibliographies, I really want to fiddle on Wikipedia. I settle for writing this tweet. Back to work.
Shout out to on that 1-trip-zeros tweet...WHATWHAT! Congrats!
Please email your November events in Press Release format to
“: Google Chrome commercials, making grown ass men feel like PMSing, 16 year old girls since 2012.” I'm 16 and PMSing.. What?
If you can't sling it, don't bring it!
You are an old black lady and a liar. You claim to be a Christian but you talk out the otherside of your mouth!
Yep. DM us your address & we'll mail some out.
Shower was amazing
Sweet ride. Did forget how hills that don't much look like hills can make legs feel like flaming slabs of concrete.
I hope your nightmare doesn't come true...been looking forward to #Thor movie for awhile..:)
more focused then ive every been
I'm just enjoying a quiet, relaxing evening. U?
I thought it was brown this whole entire time
Is also wondering about obama's podium sign - is there even such a thing as "The Office of the President Elect"? I mean, REALLY?
Just felt the earth move in Dallas. Spooky. Apparently there was a 5.6 earthquake in OK City but it was felt in Dallas!
left me hanging on Skype last night. it's cool.
I love you to the moon and back
Some of y'all on my timeline really need to stop complaining bout life and start thanking God for what you do have.
Running a fucking test here people now who is getting this, you answer Ladyfuckwit
The Brewers suck eggs.
Aw :) thanks!
I ment me call me
Got to have my morning brew..
Long Distance Relationships: If you love me that much you can hold off till we meet. #NuffSaid:
I love Gossip Girl and I am shameless in my love for it!
I know a lot of kids that went to college for a year, none of them are making anywhere close to millions. Same kids making 1ndone remarks
looking forward to checking it out. Ours is in progress.
Some changes have been made can't wait until the finished project tevinocity.wordpress.com
My mom say everytime I get a follower she well give them $50
We had 12 Team Wisconsin players make All-State. I could be wrong but I bet that is more than any other program in Wis. Great group of kids
Awe, Fisher. I'm so glad he had playing time on his first day. SO sweet.
Thanks Gorgeous!
Warren Miller is 2moro nite at the Schnitz. If u have tix 2 the show, check under ur seat. U could score a tix 2 the this weekend.
Killing Women in tech this week!! www.killingwomen.com
When you grow up, your heart...dies.
Oh your welcome and that sounds good
At the Green Room to see the Dirty Rogers!!!
Fuckin outta it right now.
an appropriate response - when i see said missives i think it must be the person's job 2tweet and i generally feel bad for them
soon the Enquirer will be charging that much to read their entire online site.
Physical therapist says he wants me wearing an ankle brace without crutches, good bye boot, hello awkward gym shoes!
Thats what im talking about lol I didnt know when the circle is unbound that they can solo magic
& I don't wanna change:)
is hailstorm coming here?
We have a few seats left for Thursday Speed Dating Event. Register today at www.tri-statespeeddating.com or join our mailing list
Twitter worked fine. I have to get out of bed to see notes.
Take a lesson from monkeys. Throwing your feces effectively resolves conflicts. No one wants to argue anymore after that.
Turns out people really need easy to use taxonomy management software. Who knew?
THAT is the question ;)
Enya karaoke.....hilarious!
God is so good I love my Life :))
The more I try, the further I get from understanding currency. So Basically, notes/coins R made & we're made 2believe its valuable?
can NOT go home! Ugh I'm on the edge of my seat!
#ifyouknowmeyouknow that i check on every 10minutes to see if he tweeted<33.
EAT MY PUCCIA!
The Penguins won 7 to 3. It's like taking candy from a baby.
Looks like will be showing her face in Pewaukee this afternoon! Now we gotta clean off our desks!
Join us tonight for the Aries bash with drink specials, DJ Krillz, and free entry for all Aries all night long!
Life would be boring if it was like a story book but I can defiantly go for a bed time story right about now
How many Q.B. sacks will Denver's "D" get on Tom Brady? Five! he'll leave the game with a concussion...
Happy Easter Chicago, do your thing today!
my radio addiction > , for months now. felt unfaithful to spare laptop now managing podcasts :)
word up
Freedom of expression is the matrix, the indispensable condition, of nearly every other form of freedom.
i am hoping i make bank in gift from graduation so i can go shopping for cute clothes for uni !
Cheers Ian!
Jimmy johns ; freaky fast. Except at 11 am .
Yeah girrllzzz just reacked that stage
“: Loyal girls deserve the best.”
RT if someday you where having a real bad case of Bieber Fever ;D and you this day can stop thinking about he :D
That's He has lightning fingers!
that's a close game, would love to see it come true!!
Wonder if gets my tweets anymore.?
stupid bitches with their boyfriends in the hallway...
ALWAYS CELEBRATE LIFE NEVER DEATH
I love my mommy. <3
ok knock them out bruh!!!
Girl: I only like Harry the rest can go *soon after* Popo: She just fell off the building like that? Me: yurp pretty much, crazy chick.
*Versatility and sympathy* looks right
"Curating... that's an f***ing full-time job!" -- artist Robert Gober from a CAA panel session on what artists do when not creating art.
SAT Prep for Fall 2010 will begin on the 2nd week of September! DM us or visit www.columbiaprep.com to register today!
Game is getting way chippy. Smith just cracked his stick on the back of Dustin Browns knee. NOT ok.
told ya
. cautions against having archives intrude into process of artistic creation; the Heisenberg principle may apply. -
Mike Dunleavy you're my hero
I don't think Gortat is as happy and excited about this matchup as he was before the game.
Happy Hump Day! Bite Me Gourmet Sausage will be set up on 15 N Tejon. Come on down and get your hump day goin right! I'l be there 11-2:30
taylor says we need to watch avengers. I second the motion
Wow #SanFrancisco weather! Hope you are outside today.
Cool. I wish Mabylline made their color tattoo in yellow. It's my fave. So pigmented.
Glad you liked it too!
I would love Bard to be the closer....if he wants it....
Zach Tomaselli, one of the accusers of Syracuse ast. coach Bernie Fine, admitted he was lying all along. Two others maintain their stories.
5 Best Magazines- #5: Men's Journal. Great tips on cool "dude" products. Insightful travel info. Solid investigative pieces.
that's rough
Good night :)
At Barnes and noble because I'm just sick of tv what is it coming to?
that's kinky
Very nice and informative to listen to you speak in class yesterday! You have such GREAT energy!!! :-)
Watching "Midnight in Paris," and it's making me wish I knew how to speak French. Beautiful language.
I've been without power since Saturday because or Irene
Good news for #Israel #Palestine heads on Twitter: Traffic to via Twitter is paywall free. That's just smart. via
Thanks so much for the RT on PBL!
awesome! Thank you!!
hahahaha okay I won't tweet abt #PLL anymore for your benefit ;) I love Ezra & Aria together!!
lol sometimes it most def does get interesting really late at night :P
So true! RT : Only #slpeeps can appreciate the difficulty of the word "church"
Awe that's so sweet :)
Hey, usually you say IT'S FRIDAY! : Well its friday
my twitter has been messing up. It keeps saying I'm not following people.
Keith Jarrett proved tonight once again that he is a living legend. Reminded me why I love music so much.
Dumb prediction. but 1000 wouldn't be impossible.
Videos posted thanks to Ducky Doolittle
Your farmers' markets are bit ahead of us. Can't wait for fresh fruits everywhere! And those look delicious!
#Superbowl Who do you think is going to win? The boring team? Or the team everyone hates? This might be the first year I don't watch...
An avengers preview just came on the tv and I forgot what I was doing and thinking about...
today was a good day!
you know what i am done with your presence... DISMISSED! Lol": This Ain't The Baby Gap!"
I bet, but you have THE best collection...EVER!
would she take a sippy cup of (cow) milk instead of breast. I know milk at night isn't great, but just to get over hump
Thank U Veterans Campaign/guest instructors for the excellent training/devotion to prepare Veterans to run for office.
Anyone tried any good craft #beer lately? What was it? Looking to try something different.
"Life is a puzzle. You shouldn't try to place things where they’re not meant to fit
This fool is having my ex followed to try to catch him doing something illegal. If my ex finds out, he will blame me and he is dangerous.
Where was yo antennas when them fools was robbin me.
Yes they sure are:-)
Congrats to our portfolio company 2 days following the launch of , they're featured in WSJ's Marketwatch: bit.ly/s8NIyo
We are not anti-boomers but we pro--Gen Xers
Prada is here setting up now, going to be an epic show, be here tonight or be lame!
Seriously don't feel like going to a baseball game this morning... But I probably don't have to go anyways... (:
I hate not having money :/
“: #FF my buddy - awesome #vegan, #vegan testimonials team member and cool dude!” Thx. I'm humbled and honored
"Person," comes from tha Latin, "Persona" = "Mask." Hm, what am I "masking," knowing there can be no skelton in closet?
Yes, It can happen that easily.
Either way I need to go to bayshore
Welcome to the realm of endless Mitt/Newt/Santorum jokes
OMG! I love you so much! I want to marry you and have your babies! Oh wait.... :) ah hell..can I get a RT anyway?
i am who i be who u
You know what #GivesYouWings ? TAAAACOOOOO BEE
I've got Michigan, New Orleans, Tennessee, North Dakota lined up. Are you going to be playing any of those? I want to see you!
Apparently there's going to be a real ship called Titanic II... So the important question is, who's going to pose naked for me to sketch?
it's hard to talk its so sticky good.
Is it weird that I actually like workin now?
are you headed to alchemy? Think could join? He just found out about this tapping.
Ready to work my ass off. I hate a challenge but I'll glady accept this one
Take me away
": its ok ur a newbie LOL
you and are perf together ☺
Why was Candace Bergen chosen to play Cuddy's Mom on HOUSE? She's awful.
Great Packer win tonight.
Major shout out to and for making Moviemaker Mag Top 10 best podcasts. Awesomesauce.
daily buts all in Gods plans not ours just brings us closer to paradise
"I've never met anyone dying who is an atheist". Quote from Marge of Albuquerque 'Basket of Hope' of her former job in hospice.
it's always funny when some site posts "rare photos" online. so now there are 1,000,000,000 copies?
Al-Jazeera starts new sports channel to cover NSL – National Suicide League - The World Series of Terrorism and the Wide Wide World of IEDs.
Screened UCLA Archive's restored 35 print of Cecil B. DeMille's CLEOPATRA with Claudette Colbert tonight at Playboy Mansion.
CO House begins debate on resolution that would have legislature intervene on state side of Lobato case.
Hey if anyone wants in FREE to our show December 10th at the black sheep with Maelstroms, Kodiak and Queen Anne's Revenge hit us up!
#ThingsFakePeopleDo Say they love you when they really don't.
I'm feeling the Texas Rangers Throwback Uniforms.<<Gotta cop me one of those...>>
why do i over think everything?
This guy keeps making my day more & more. ^.^
You must be still drunk from the wine, if you think that on the last day of registration, and it is just you and me from 6-10
So ready for in Pikeville, KY on April 13th.
River of Debris Pours into Hotel Cafe A construction crew working next door to Le Parker Meridien hotel broke through a wall Wednesday, s
FASHION TIP: Patterned & textured tights -- make a good outfit great -- get some today!
Of course Mitt Romney is against gay marriage—it's hard enough to assault gays without having to worry about a spouse backing them up!
~ Trump didn't give his endorsement to you and your shovel to bury him; instead he's letting Romney do it!
I hope you feel better!
Sweet video of DC jazz patriarch Paul Carr, talkin' jazz / MT : Founder of the Jazz Academy of Music talks wp.me/p1Iyzv-5MO
is your phone back on?
SHOUT OUT TO YOU GUYS! IF U FOLLOW THEM THAT MEANS YOU HAVE 100% SWAG
Damn my fake hair looks better curled & when I put it to the side like how I used to do it C:
Peach flavored Jolly Rancher is the worst fucking flavor EVAR.
Congrats to My girl made the 2011 Hot 100 list! Holler YAY!! :)
I usually don't mind the pouring rain, except when I have to walk the dogs or change a flat tire.
I drink a boost for breakfast, and ensure for desert.
shut up you weren't there,
U graduated from Harvard but apparently have not read the Constitution. Obamacare needs to be shot down. It is corrupt!!
where is #Bamboozle ?
I'll be right there with ya!
New Years WILL NEVER BE THE SAME! :( #RIPDickClark 82yrs young <3
shoot I know. You took the words right out my mouth:)
you too?
going to the movies tonight :) soul surfer
“: There's plenty of food & drink during #Suberbowl Sunday, what are some of the better items served today?” A to Z Pinot.
Matienzo's Oil
IF WE SELL 700 COUPONS THEN I'M DRAWING FOR FREE YEAR OF BOOT CAMP! TELL YOUR FRIENDS, FAMILY, CO-WORKERS, NEIGHBORS, SPOUSE, BF, GF!!!!!!
.: if anyone says "I don't use social media for my business" then the answer is yes, they are mismanaging it.
Not sure if Roseanne is a worthy successor to Betty White in the Snickers commercial, but loved it anyway!
"Heh, that's pretty funny! I'm going to follow Weed Tweets, for regular weed-related humor in my inbox" - who does this
I literally have no idea what that means.
sorry i went shopping and I left my fone home and oh!
MINE IS TOO UGH!! :-( RT Is my Twitter the only one acting up?
Mary I've studied FatherGod's Word with you for 30+yrs & All should get to know your pure heart of love for FatherGod+Christ
hey residents. Wine tasting from Sokol Blosser in the Sapphire Room tonight Executive chef, Mark Henry is making awesome food. Come.
#FF for some design inspiration:
what are you doing with a cow?
Good God, man, you're delirious.
Need help with a problem? Shoot me an e-mail at
Have a great day!!
yeah- thanks for the great list, Kate. A few on there I had inadvertently neglected.
let's get this party started! What time is it there?
Mahomies are waiting for your new song. Follow me ?
hey, didja get my email last week about visiting Nashville?
Good workout in the morning *keeps repeating*
I am great too, just have to get ready to go to work. Have a great day.
Working hard on the UNAI film!
did they ever announce who/when the regional championships will be broadcast? Regards.
Just starting a fabulous day! :) I will be doing complimentary health screenings today @ Golf Fest Northwest from 6pm-8pm. Come on by!
We're playing at the blue room on Alexander street in Rochester tonight starting at 9. Come join us. $5 cover
right on man!
Brandon at Subway: "I'll do a 12inch Italian." Me "yeah you will" Brandon "I heard that"
Need a friend?.. i follow back!! =)
Thank you !
to be fair I dont know many stable ones. If you find one, let me know.
Ah it's good to wake up to myself in morning.
Holding hands>>>
i know what you mean - did notice the bit about the study methodology though. Reliable or no, I could do with less sitting
106 today hot hot hot !! Cool off with a Fresh Frozen squeezed lemon/limeaid BUR!!
Yeah!! Guess who it is? Next time logout. Love you even though your Josh's hoe<3
ITS CRAZY HOW OTHERS GET A FASTER RESPONSE THEN OTHERS BUT I GUESS IT'S ALL IN THE WHO CARES FOR WHO THE MOST
Never looking at L the same way !
👌👈 <---- imma send that to somebody phone lol
This time next week: Arizona!
I want all of your beats..
totally agree
Hahahaha yeah I'm amazed people participate in Black Friday, when Cyber Monday exists.
Looks like I wont be getting any sleep tomight.
Triple chocolate snickers? What is this madness? And why didn't they tell me sooner?!
but have you watched his film Puncture on Netflix? There are shirtless scenes of him in that movie.
Was wondering about that.. RT : Can capture Blue Screen of Death with Snagit? Gotta see how that works. LOL.
I feel like you're favoriting mahomies :'(
bring your bball shoes for after!
Very nice. Suppose I could have just messaged John. Nice to see it'll still be happening.
Today I got long sideburns in the memory of Elvis Presley and
Women see Triple "O" and take off there clothes
Missed you too Leo
you too Darling!
let's do this.
tweetdeck got to annoying for me, switched to seesmic in Jan haven't thought twice....
Be Like "Um BITCH" & Walk Off.
Thanks for the luck! Sending some your way as well! Have a great day
if ur down for laying bricks today come pick me up, im at mcdonalds at howell mill using their wifi
Oh my. I gotta wake up super early again tomorrow for Mothers Day Brunch at the Peabody. 😒 least there will be lots of food! 😃
Heading out a great outing at Ironwood to benefit Little Sisters of the Poor. (cc )
“: In 2020, it will be 4/20 for a whole month.”
Might be Taking my Talents to Florida
Okay , enough horsin' around xP haha , insider :)
Happy to hear and like our save the dates!
Okay good. Its our ball
Why does the coat check salt the jar with $5 bills? To provide visual proof that it is ok to tip $5. The power of conformity influences us
HR half way up the scoreboard at Shea that broke bulbs - a true classic moment, like in the Natural movie
Dang WADE!
Sign up for our golf tournament now! 7/20 at FireRock GD $85 incl. green fees, golf cart, box lunch, and dinner at FOX Sports Grill.
Getting ready for awesome cooking class with chef josh !
He's pretty old man. Still a great story and part of their original core.
Fine. I'll say it. Getting moved to Friday with Whitney and potentially without Harmon seems like a slap in the face.
Do You believe in Destiny? I believe that thing happens for reason!
Is it because you grew a mustache too? RT Dear Movember. I'm so glad you're almost over.
and why the reverse is also true.
Goodnight All ! :)
We passed the 100 mark! Thanks #Sactown! Now on to the next landmark! LETSGOFOR200! Please RT! ;)
My work is becoming my dreams.
hahahaha, you would just for that reason to!!
Chicago? You're lookin' mighty fine. Mighty fine indeed.
Printing up a lot of t-shirts here in San Antonio for the Baylor Nation! Sic'em Bears!! Pumped about tonight's bowl game. RGIII rules!
Tweet us your 2-day Ziptrip ideas and you could win $150 free driving! Winner announced today. Use hashtag #getoutandzip!
So much change is on the brink of happening...I'm a little unsure about how I feel about it
That Easter Candy Aisle is magical for adults...so many great memories of childhood. Sometimes you just need to stop & enjoy
view a great web designer and land and business renovator !!
this past tuesday made one year at time flies! i think we have accomplished much in this time.
I believe there are more than 1 family biz owners. Who are you referring to?
The doer of the thing is severely limiting business and income growth. The marketer of the thing has virtually unlimited income potential.
Great Excerpt from "An Economist Gets Lunch: New Rules for Everyday Foodies" - Great tips for dining out. What do you think?...
I have 1,234 connections on
I'm glad there's not really any hate lovatics/selenators are talking about is in my timeline. Keep the peace.
why we in a level 2 lockdown . o.O
“: Second sighting of the week at Warners party” // umm Sir Paul!?!?
There's snow hope for survival! : I'm going to write a #SyFy disaster movie about these snow storms called "Snow Way Out."
To all my new people that r fallowing me thank u
But not Bertha Lopez. Interesting. Of course, she was the only one to consistently question Gandara...
RT : Mitt Romney would not tell a lie would he? Ask Rachel Maddow.
haaha, omg that would be so freaking cool if we had the same birthday!
I see. We love your dribble sturf.
This #Noesi Inning: Flowing past in an endless stream.
I want to live the healthiest life possible.I want to feel great. I want to be strong and look and feel good.
Oh how I empathize. You free on 4/21 at all?
We are here in LOT 13 with our grill and green beer! So come on down, the rain has finally stopped!
Its annoying how a shirtless guy comes on TV and everyone looks at me...
Now entering Georgetown 😊
Just because the BrooklynNets will have a new place to play &their logo designed by JayZ doesntmean they are going to be any better nxt year
health sleep disorders
Test post from the console
naa i wish the worst for you, for causing problems with my relationship, ruining my life, ruining friendships, you just deserve the worst.
thanks my man!
Please RT. I need 12 more followers to make 100. Send to all your friends and other young artists.
Jessie has a uh....one of a kind voice : )
sorry I missed this @ mention about the skull exhibit. I don't check twitter often...still figuring out how to use it.
If I wanted to observe US history in reverse, I would have revved up my DeLorean. Disappointed,
This is GREAT! YAY YAYAYAYAYAYYA XO J
Just assigning ISBNs to some great new books which are forthcoming in the #legenda series from &
Also congrats to and Katie Beirne who are tying the knot tonight. Huzzah!! to quote
my god, this cast is outstanding.
me encanta sharks
When I hear folks say things about the Google UX or UI, it's usually from an iPerson. So they can be safely ignored.
": “Avoiding a fight is a mark of honor; only fools insist on quarreling." Prov.20:3"
Mike finished his leg at 6:13 pace in Wales. We are now 5 minutes ahead of schedule. Average team pace at 6:56. Awesome !
#lunch specials!! Chix salad sandwich, avocado aioli, bacon, almonds, cheddar, texast toast.
chilly??? You mean FREEZING!
Yay! She smiled at me :-)
Dodgers A 3b Alex Castellanos is hitting .333 w/ 2 triples, 3 doubles for the Isotopes. Send Uribe down let 'em trade places for a bit!
the heat just suck
HUGE SHOUT OUT TO MY NEW FOLLOWER>>>>
My family & I stayed @ a rental home in your beach community & we LOVED IT! My daughter loved it too! Her name is Olivia! :-)
Great day! Making some phone calls and reviewing our planned gifts acceptance policy : )
Thanks for the RT!
The bandwagon deadline is over. We're not accepting applications at this time. Try again next season. Thanks, #GRIZZNATION #GNG committee
Will Sprint also carry the iPhone4?
We had an amazing opening night at the AFF! Join us tomorrow for "Rhythmic Uprising," "New Low," "Air Doll," and "Blondes in the Jungle."
Can we talk about that experience a bit? How weird is it to write your own press releases?
I'm feeling the same about peppermint coffee.
awesome,have fun!
please tell me you're joking. anything by whitney houston also off the table.
This clippers grizz game is a great one
348: Believe it or not, I'm actually thankful for today's 13-hour workday, because it very easily could have been even longer.
Yes! Help me!
i feel like $100 - not a $100 bill, but like, 20 $5 bills. you know, stuff you can use readily and not have to worry about breaking the $100
I'm awake after midnight for the first time in month's. Time for a St. Bernardus Abt12 before bed.
buttered baconed battered beer. Impressive
crater lake was cool. hi california! almost at weed, ca
want bocce partners?
i so agree...so full of hotair!!! Vote For Jeff! Vote for Jeff!!!
It's never ever too late :)
BAKE ME A CAKE. cc:
the bears are about to be the new Cubs
": Humor is mankind’s greatest blessing. - Mark Twain"
i wish i could hire someone to give me a massage any time of day or night whenever i want it
that would be a far walk lol
T. Boone Pickens seems to be going the Warren Buffett route and working harder at establishing his leftist credentials than at his business.
Oh, this place has panini now
"Baby girl you know what I want let me do it to ya, do it to ya" Been listening to that non-stop for 7 days!!!!
How does a pig write home? With a pig pen.
Goodnight Austin<3
Just realized why has been complaining why she needs to poop....its a full moon tonight
I recommend Guy Delisle's "Jerusalem".
Had fun learning basic HTML/CSS from Thanks!
it seriously is a fact. BB is slowly going out of business #maketheswitch it will change your life.
I am somebody
where you workin'?
Watchin #bgc8 reunion. This better then the whole season lol
Hey Buddy, call me today. I wants to talk to you! Preferably sooner rather than later :)
Lovin' the New Yorker this week (11/21): Louise Erdrich! Eric Idle! Paul Theroux! and more. Great stuff.
that just blasted me out of my chair into low earth orbit
Happy and healthy new year wishes to all, near and far! God bless and much love!!!
forgot white and Christian
Paul in the UK just tweeted that he is out of Uncle Jim's...we need to fix this!
thank you for help me rose parade. i meet many people, see many oregon thing.
Drilluminati going nuts
she didn't have any high powered celebs tweeting about her :/
I'm lying down.
that the west coast is the best coast.
been waiting for this album for about a year now!! You're my favorite guitar player man! Keep bringing rock back to its roots!
The Hobbit: I was in a dinner theatre production of this musical when I was a child. This looks way cooler.
"Could this be the end of email overload?" Wow, these newscasters have no clue! Is the country really this out of touch with tech?
Point Park tied a school record for wins in a season and is now 51-9. The 1986 team was 51-8.
safe travels home!!
don't throw beef at me lol you don't wnna be like me
Stowe Boyd at dinner says he is "wakazoid"
C'mon Brew Crew!!
We just got some new *Dixie Bath Salt*
Meet me at SubMercer. WORK all night with Eli and myself.
best show ever. It's so good, it seems like it's the only thing on HGTV now.
Experiencing a new and exciting chapter in my life
Yep. RT FOIA needs business-process reengineering & digitalization, if anything ever has.
lol or maybe just a lil bit :P
That's the guy you wanna see gone if you're a card fan
unfollowing everyone unless they dont suck.
Ayy ladies just came on, my day will be good now 
Life is, more than anything, realizing you missed your shot with Geena Davis.
Just saw #oomf tweets...& my response to that is; i will be that "some one" you need :) ......seriously though <3
Now Following !!
Literally about to faint. I feel like such fucking shit it's not even just a headache or a sore throat I feel so fucking nauseous.
"Sometimes poker is hard and you get owned." Andrew Lichtenberer
Nice rebranding! RT : Q3: My first plan of action was to call them Mobile Learning Devices not Cell Phones.
What's up
Learning more about Node Manager at users group
Wow. Phil Humber with a PERFECT GAME for the White Sox. Good stuff!
Where do u* live in chicago
Homework blows. Thank goodness I only have two more weeks of it.
Again I am on my soapbox Northern Virginia needs to implement a 35 second shot clock!!!!!!
Noosa turkey with attitude
dinner was fabulous! thanks for the margarita ;)
Happy Hour at 5! Professional Development Panel Discussion at 6:30! You'll be at both, yeah?
ITS FRIDAY! What are your doing with your weekend?
How doesn't a head butt warrant an in person hearing?
. will you talk abt gun violence while wooing NRA today? Tnks to yr strong record on gun control MA is safer for people & police.
#MyWorstFears i don't have any
Seriously want to live the Will & Grace lifestyle.
And Lisa Lutz just rocks in general! Great keynote speech last night at Authors on the Move!
My mommy held me in her tummy for
That being said, off we go on a road trip! IL & WI
Hold up. Wait a minute. Let's me put some frattoys in it
Why do people always ask us who Candy is?
San Francisco, I do not like your weather. I do not like it one little bit.
ditto baby gurl!
Tomorrow is the last day before school, after tomorrow R.I.P. Summer</3 you will be missed, Not looking forward to going back to school.
the plan was going at it alone lol that's my me time. Somebody always need something
": "Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are." ~Marianne Williamson"
Why Google And Facebook May Disappear In Five Years
It's just like spongebob - mostly adult humor that kids would never ever get.
Anytime. Yours is the alternate spelling of my name that most often ends up on my Starbucks cup. I feel a solidarity somehow.
looking through a magazine in el Salvador.. It said he was the new bieber and I got mad. Ha I don't care for the biebs anymoree
Headed over to manayunk brew pub for PAMA networking happy hour-hope to see you there tweeties
aww, the kitty looks like my munchkin!
So smart that we have school tomorrow during a boiling alert. 😡
RT : "If you don't forgive you're going to get sick."
If thats what it takes for 88 to go off like last weekend I'll get a TRUCKLOAD TO YOU! Has 2 be the Blue tho.
girl be standing beside me right now!
Don't let the weather dictate your mood! Happy Friday everyone :)
I'm not too keen on Death Cab For Cutie, but that one sad song they have about the girl or whatever is pretty good, I guess.
It's amazing what people say... It's phenomenal what they sing!
mike - since when are you tweet savvy! I'm lovin it!
All caught up with client work!! yay!
Craziness again! The EURO NIGHT is back <3
Re-feed day! No counting calories, protein, carbs or fat
Alternative Organics, is now officially 'Jade Monk Beverage Company'
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies<3 8
": I want some good head in this cold weather"
thanks so much!
is on Spo Says today on Listen into hear about Bujak and
Good Morn Biebs ! Have an #EPIC Holiday Season ~ Loving the Christmas Spirit #Mistletoe has brought to our Fam #ThankUJB!
I wish Seattle knew it could be happier place if it wanted to be.
Holding my new baby in my hands--just a few ounces & about 5x6 ish inches ;-) It's Precious! bit.ly/977TG
"If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams." - Les Brown #quote via
So are you happy w/the title? Fingers crossed! -> just went through this w/ Grand Central for a fall release.
Enjoying "The Esther McCoy Reader," Ed. Susan Morgan, published by Highly recommended for fans of LA, architecture & lit.
thanks for being our 1,000 follower!
Had a burst of #amwriting energy this afternoon and pounded out the first draft of an essay that I'm really excited about. GREAT feeling.
“: Your off yeah?” yeeeee
So grateful for the sweet gifts that have come to me today..... :-)
Goonies! this is going to be good. Lol
you just blew my mind RT : Exactly. Rachet used to be a rabbi. Oh and Decepticons are Catholic, by the way.
My apartment looks a lot bigger when most of my stuff is not in it.
That's crazy! and I were tv anchors together back in high school! #small world
whoa mariney do u WAnt to be on 16 and pregnant or something ?
Leaking pipe in Zimmerman Library's basement left some water damage - no collections were harmed. Sorry for the noise and inconvenience!
What are you doing to support local businesses for #ValentinesDay? #Shoplocal, #shopsmall and help the local economy!
loving all the red bud in bloom & the first light greens of spring popping out. my favorite season by a country mile (and a city mile too.)
Little-known O'Malley appointee, Secre of Labor Alexander Sanchez, just named chief of staff by Story to follow.
Finished filming on Thursday, now waiting for the premiere.
Ha! Rack rack city. And yes, super awkward...
Cooling water from grandmas well.
I wish I knew who I was
Brought a Nook Simple touch on Friday and I love it. Best purchase ever.
I don't have that number...
We know where they can come shop for their Mad Men suits! ;-)
Thanks for the RT !
Good morning All! Later on I'll show you that video of the mosaic in progress, and my video skills in practice! ;)
Alabama st is getting stomped they should be ashamed.
- oh goodness, we you were the Law I would get a lot of alcohol and hide (in your office), lol
Love it. said "hotter than biscuits" for the first time this year. And it's only May. 6:30pm
I hope I can say that soon! My phone and both cameras are on drugs -_-
So weird buying letters again- for the baby bro!
Police announce #occupyLA has ten minutes to disperse
is that the HOOD BURGER?! bet you ain't eat it all in one sitting
Thanks. Happy New Year!
We're BACK online!!! Please stop in and see us again!
Has nobody designed a shell terminal that runs in a browser environment so that URLs grepped from a text would actually be clickable?
Bye unfollower *waves bye*
What's a better title than Beyond Telework, though?? I mean - really.
Do Jean shorts still exist?? And I ain't talking about daisy duke variety
is cooking eggs...
I would have written the same article regardless of gender. In the article I do not say one way or the other.
CAN YOU HELP ME WITH MY WEIGHT. MY E-MAIL ADDRESS IS
Hotlanta I mean Atlanta Georgia the peach state for an hour
Ive been to ecuador..It's a nice place
I took that game off my phone lol , here Boutta grub I'm humgreeeeeeey
A very nice two days are on the way with sunshine and seasonable temperatures for this time of year.
ONE WEEK!
Rabbit, Rabbit!
same shit..bout to drop 3 back to back projects in 3 months
US issues beef assurances after Indonesia ban
who needs pants?!!?!?
I hate when shows leave you with a cliffhanger
i have the worst stomach ache ever :'c
How are they going to vote off Colton on #AmericanIdol but they keep Hollie???
#YouWereCuteUntil you insulted My Boys. BYE!
Just because I absolutely hate the Lakers I want OKC to win and because my baby daddy plays for them doesnt like that hah.
(c) came to queens which is 4 hours away from nyc -.-
We love you, Amanda.
But you don't have to get them removed if they don't mess up your teeth.
Wow! Sounds very painful. You need some icy hot!
He's still the first person I think about when I wake up but why I don't know :(
Would have to be the one I goty yesterday. "We don't know each other but we have the same name, so please join my network. I did.
dam rite hes the best did you see raw this past monday
No, we haven't! Thanks for the suggestion - we'll look into it!
I don't watch it, and yours was the first tweet "about" it on my TL
#np Daphne loves derby - You versus the sea.
The Econo Lodge down the street may have $500 a night rooms by the time Friday comes around.
RT : Got chills watching #OneShiningMoment. Thankful to have one more year of this amazing experience.
This weather makes me wanna cuddle fml
Listening to Christmas music.
Tried to write at Books A Million tonight, but they've changed the atmosphere alot. Still fun store, but not good for focusing on writing!
RT : If more teens of this generation gave each other general respect, majority of the violence in Chicago wouldnt happen
COMIC BOOK FANS! Got any good ideas for a comic headliner or opening sentence?
I love you iCarly "We're Proud Of iCarly"
At therapy getting treatment on my knee now-___-
haha, no, the last few tracts of land.
I think that might be it.
Positively healthily connected!
Only two days left to win tickets to see Mastodon and Opeth The Masquerade this Saturday, May 12th! Get your hinney on in here and sign up!
Wherever you travel, learn the customs and follow them. That is pretty damned simple. Don't apply your customs in other place.
My daughter just said, "Yes, I just popped a zit, and it's a bleeder too." This is my life.
Lmao, oi, i'm much more stylish than that :P x
Im at last meeting - Award Ceremony
I don't, but I can find out. Will let you know!
Congrats to #wbdc25 for reaching fundraising goal!
I think the best answer when awarded or honored is to offer thanks and say you're grateful.
Remind them to tip their waitress and try the veal!
NBA Knit Hats >>>
I absolutely love "Liar Liar"
Today's attendance at Miller Park is 46,086. It's the second largest crowd for a #Brewers game in this venue.
How do YOU know???
I knew you'd understand...
Hopefully a summer tour will be announced soon (:
all-time faves “: Never too early, what is tonight's topic? #foodiechats”
Never borrow shit... but niggas owe me a arm and a leg...
Haha I Was Joking. How Are You And The Novio?
ramen noodles like a boss
Rick Pracey from the Avs to talk hockey now! Get a closer look at the Avs' draft, including first round pick Joey Hishon!
My dad said if you dress like me I would get mugged.. Thanks
Oh wow! Ms. Cooper the last of the true classy broads! How can you not kiss her feet before sticking your fingers in her hair?
Happy Mother's Day! We'll see you at 11am for brunch & coffee.
That would have to be
It seems like we go grocery shopping way too much...ugh
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that talks shit behind your back without you even knowing."
Wishing a Humongous Happy Birthday to ! You are the coolest cat I have ever known.
Yes! I love that! RT : Love the Northeast where you can cross three state lines in under two hours!
:'( I KNOW! I HATE HIM FOR THAT! he just doesnt understand that ur 1 of the only people that can stand me when i talk about btr!
Disc golf wit the boys. Now for some clone wars before kickoff.
#ClimateChange is the most profound tragedy of the commons in human history. Too late for just individual action. via
this afternoon. Enjoying 2006 reserve merlot :).
ohh really ?aww well at least you think hes cool(:
Christian will be there. I have another meeting to go to. I know he will have fun seeing you!
Thanks for watching! xo
“: I *knew* I felt a disturbance around 10 RT : Final power down of Endeavour occurred at 9:58 a.m.”rt
You rock Simone!! Lets do lunch soon!!
It premieres tonight so we're about to see!
Jealous! I was just there in November! Have a safe and fun trip!
Well look at that - my birthday is this week! How am I just now realizing this?
My #FAMILY is
flex day as in teacher day to get caught up
I feel elderly.
awesome. Thanks again for visiting!
- I'm a Capricorn!!! Thank you Christ :-) I'm smiling :-)
Thank you and I will RT
Bizarre foods makes me happy I don't eat meat. :)
"He is happiest who gives ALL to God." -
I did. I really did.
Gonna be working about 60-70 hours a week this summer and only getting paid for 30. It'll pay off down the line though
RT : Pinch-hit single by Joe Becker and the 'Topes are on top for the first time 4-3! B-7
♬ Happy Birthday to Gordon Stoker from Elvis backing group "The Jordanaires" Have a wonderful day Gordon ♬
somewhere around here, but I won't be able to get it tonight. It's probably on some external hard drive in the basement.
Made waffles. Good but not as good as
...Don't SciFi computers always look more "sexy" than they really are in real life, at least at that point in time?
the name's carla....and i'm just dying to be her.
It's a BIG day for because she gets to meet her long time online buddy this evening in #Houston !!!
;). Although I never claim cheating...just mass conspiracy.
Driving down Maryland Prkwy these days reminds me of being back home on the dirt roads
We took our kidz!
hey how much for a new haircut? lol me n need it
No Mercy still great though RT : The worst Ti albums are No Mercy then Ti Vs Tip cus something got to be the worst
go to bed!
Ready Set Tweet (A speedy guide to Twitter) is available for $2.99. This price is only temporary. Get it now... Very helpful....
So i've signed up for Netflix again. I'm surprised i'm back
but its for julina so its worh it.
Great performance from IIOS during halftime of
My man #roooooonnnnnnddddddooooo🍀💚🍀💚🍀
I'm sorry I haven't been tweeting much from this acct. You can find me also
just because you love food, that has nothing to do with weight gain
Ur Man in Havana: man mysteriously transports from ancient Sumerian city-state to pre-Castro espionage & intrigue
ADAPT X Camp starts tonight at 7:30pm...it's not too late to register.
HA OMG I THINK I REALLY MIGHT BE STUPID. I was scrolling through the tweets shooting down haters and I didn't
The is blessed to have on board! Give a follow to OU alumna & our new manager of communications Amanda Fylan!
"Romney: Obama is leading the country ‘sideways" #yahoonews Will it be as much fun as the movie?
SMU university curriculum now requires a min of 2 IL courses. I wish we had that kind of buy-in from our upper admin.
Where you headed man? Wi-Fi on a plane is pretty useful.
Thank You, my friend!
Also, Charlie, George and Vinny are stupid names. This isn't New York in 1930.
why dont you have alot of followers???
I miss you bad today... :( I wanna see youu!
thanks for the retweet from a true Lions fan
Who dares to teach must never cease to learn. ~John Cotton Dana
Water based ginseng extract if you want to boost your immune system only. If you have allergies, alcohol based extract is best :)
I love and You two brighten my life even though you make fun of me like crazy.
Mission City Cat Show official Fiesta Event Saturday and Sunday Event Center . Viva Fiesta San Antonio
Haha. On the field, indeed. RT : The forecast for opening day is just more of the same.
": if you dont get your non-singin ass out my ear !"Lmao who in yo ear?
that new theraflu stupid!!
We've actually gone through the entire decks for the Trivial Pursuit games we have. I never remember the answers to repeats.
I'm pretty positive that you have one of the most beautiful faces on Earth.. Even if people kick puppies cause of it! LOL
Stop into #firefly and sit out on our gorgeous patio overlooking historic Main St EA and have some iced coffee!
Our Choir performs Friday 10/14 at 1:30 and next Tuesday, 10/18 at 7:30 p.m. Both performances in our cafeteria.
Russian Roulette
Def a good motto for #athletes to have RT U don't play to compete you play to win
aren't you upset Stevey Baby is retiring?
Bobby the Fifth is gonna have a lot of patchwork to do tonight.
The nice thing about living amongst college kids, is that when u want to party, you can tell them to go STFU, but sucks when u want quite.
yikes.. apparently she's coming to JC to film her new show. Hopefully the pregnancy will cancel the shenanigans.
Looks like #Westbrook free throws didnt work.
I just love - " Mean " is my favorite song right now.
Is AT&T Wireless down in the Miami Area?
oh, and yes... is fabulous.
calm down lol its not a big.deal hun
I just gave myself the best Mother's Day gift EVER! My 1st #mammogram!
Coding up my synth's persistence model. First, the WaveTable...
gaaaahh I miss you too bro
RT : it is all in the conversion process...how good are you at retaining client is the name of the game.
Anyone have a recommendation for ballroom dance lessons in the DC/MD/NoVA area?
i LOVE my beats. They're amazing. I've only been Producing for about 10 1/2 months and I feel like a pro lol
“: and are so adorable when they dance together(:” awwwwahhh
Not everyday you see a giant purple catapiller and an ice cream sundae ride by you while you're pumping gas at the gas station. Hm...
Lazy Sunday - I've missed you so...
Agree MT : The best education companies are founded by passionate educators. #simpletruths -Jonathan Gr…
love love love your pic #gorgeous !
nice to see your finally rooting for the #Padres!!
It's going to be a cold night in New York
": I am. RT Who else is a #SaturdayLibrarian tomorrow?"me too # :) no rush hour!
DC: Early voting starts today. Cast your vote for the candidate of your choice; VINCE GRAY! KWAME BROWN! 441 G ST NW, DC 8AM-7PM....
nothing wrong with chocolate for lunch, or dinner or snack...
shut up. I win
Two more days until my Birthday my Birthday my Birthday :-) and they said no way would I see it! lol, bla bla bla
haha have fun staying in college!
Getting ready to Skype with the boo! <3
My stubborn basset hound dog decides he wants to go for a walk...hm
We were honored to have a visit from this week as they bike across country to raise awareness for homeless pets....
Portland Timbers up 1-0, at 88th minute, over Kansas City.
my 5 year old sister just looked at me and said "DANCE MOMS IS ON TONIGHT!"
oh lol I was just wondering
Lebron all da way baby MVP Miami heat all day
Looks like there are some seats left here for this free show at the BMA. Get here!
Unpacking all the stuff in my new home. One word "WOW" Wonders where I got so much. Have a great day all.
Cool, see you soon!
emani is like a sis to me. So....
= used 2 cross boundaries borders in edu. The tool that helped me break up w my long distance bf is revolutionizing edu
My fam just said to me in describing someone we think lowly of at the moment... He said: he's a real... "Rectal Tear"
Hope everyone had a great V-Day!! I enjoyed time with my loves!! Back to the grind tomorrow..Trial in the AM!!
That awkward moment when your crush talks to you, and your friends are more excited than you are.
what's a fun project I can use to teach kindergarteners about you?
's voice , always and forever ♥
RT #Oomf always calling over to cook his ass sumn.. He need him a woman cuz I'm not playing wifey..smh
I cordially invite to Chicago. We have rats the size of bears, and I'll throw you a party if you kill them.
When your teeth hurt there is nothing better than a big bowl of icecream :)
Everyone tweeted me back & said it was really good.
..it hurts that bad!!
Maybe the Mayans just ran out of space when they made their calendar.
#FF isn't over in my time zone - here's a few of my favs
Happy Mothers day to My mom! and all #yankees fan moms, #nygiants fans moms, #Syracuse fans moms, #nyranger fans mom, #Knicks fans mom
aww that sounds like fun!! I've been chillin done with the semester n back home now n yeah def! Hit me up sometime!
Hello!How are you?:)
you should be able to get Yuni in the 4rd as a steal!
I agree! I don't think I'd ever want to use one, either. Those who tout them are often pretty aggressive marketers.
Today is going to be miserable.
Lots of rumors floating around about CBS flipping Classic Rocker WYSP/Philadelphia to a simulcast of Sports WIP after Labor Day...
Thanks for following! Let us know if there is anything we can do for you.
RT -> If #Aquarians catch you lying, it's done. They'll never trust you again. They may forgive, but the trust never fully returns
Trying to get Best Buy to deliver my washer is like the movie Brazil. " call the warehouse". Warehouse: "you need to call the store"
Great game 5 victory Red Wings. Let's get another victory in game 6 on Tuesday.
Learning too soon our limitations, we never learn our powers. ~Mignon McLaughlin
💗good morning ! Hope u have a great day n the baby is healthy!!!
Hey old bud
Look for a special issue of Bus Lines on board buses and in information racks located throughout Milwaukee.
hahahha I don't remember lol
Twitfam, if I started a tumblr consisting of hot girls wearing funny bike helmets, do you think that would blow up?
It's just what I heard, just what I heard.
38 till 300! You guys rock!
"I just need mindlessness"
do you need us to lower the crawl rate or stop crawling all together?
Now hiring. Great company seeking Online Marketing Coordinators. Work from home. Great compensation plan. Get the details here...
Library snapshot day is tomorrow. So you know. Go to your library, see what they're doing. :-)
mesquite? Rt ": Now i'm in the mood to dance, wheres my cute cowboy! lmao"
will share? :)
hahha well in addition to her great voice, shes got swag. & as dumb as it seems, there are so many talentless famous ppl w/ swag
Thanks for speaking. I loved hearing the ?s you ask to make the data to give you the answers u need.
"I AM Attracting Unlimited Abundance & Prosperity into my Life" -Wayne Dyer #Affirmation " (Rephrased from )
I'm watching the #Caps game w/ , talking about why you are too cool to come to
RT : I don't trust words, I trust actions."
Happy Valentine's Day! :)
yeah same here , lol that's not exactly a place you run into somebody on ur TL . Haha , were you asvab testing?
True. Your world isn't the only world. RT": Just because youre a liar or only know liars doesn't mean everyone else does it."
thanks for the follow today Adam.
Head down now to see our beautiful cinemascope print of '4 Months, 3 Weeks & 2 Days.' Tonight at 7 & 9:30pm.
I want to see DARREN HAIR!
It advances to a legitimate national championship game against the East or West regional champion. :-)
Seeking film crew. Message me if you know anyone
Just watched a girl spill beer on her Manolos & then throw them in the trash
we haven't as yet... cc:
You think this think with Jada and the elephants is bad? Remember when Billy Dee Williams complained about the giraffes at the zoo?
ok. i'll figure it out. thanks.
local chicago channel 50 yea AMW on sat's was badass too
So much gratitude for my three sweet children piled up next to me here on the divan all pink-cheeked & silly & cookie-eating.
Good stuff! "I was obliged to be industrious. Whoever is equally industrious will succeed equally well." - Bach
Thanks mom for Zombie strippers movie!
Per your last caller, I think Miles Davis would make a terrible receiver for the
Word RT : There's a difference between giving up & knowing when you've had enough.
Don't tell me what I can't be or wat I'm not good enough to do.
If something good can come from bad, the past can rest in peace.
My dad's birthday gonna be rockin no questions asked.
No response on my last Drupal question. Hm! I guess I'll have to put the hood up! Where's my PHP wrench?
Attending my first prom tonight, the Shevil prom.
Happy to see the sun shinning... finally....
Hate guys that are picky as a mothafucka, can't fuck with that 🙅👎
The Comprehensive Immigration Reform of 2006 was a extensive bill promoting major immigration reform
In from Cincy to come to ...looking forward to a great day!
Cincinnati. Please take the time to check out the our tent!
Packed with ten sports, Kinect Sports drops you controller-free into an eclectic variety of athleticism.
Let's do it!
Make sure you check out the King Tut exhibit @ The Children's Museum of Indy!
It's Wednesday and that means ribs & whiskey! Rib plate w/baked potato-$7, $2 off premium & $1 off well whiskeys when country is on. 2NITE!
haha its ok . we accept you thinky or not :D
nahh, the clog-posites didn't do well at all back in 2001
Im loving it, i wish it would rain harder
Walk Away - Lara Fabian (with lyrics): via
make that rookie of the year push and make Irving jealous
We love our service team! Enjoy the show > I'm SO excited Jen helped out. She's our hero today :)
I came empty handed, I ain't leaving the same.
We are here!
First and last time I'll say I wish that Twitter was more like Facebook. Promise.
where is that from?
What!? Details, please.
Reminder, if you could not make it to the conference. Stay tuned to this Twitter feed to keep updated.
Last day of conference.
Shot a new video today, now its time to go let loose at the club!!
wish we could have helped with this Dodgeball event!
how u feeling?!?
#lol #THATsJUSTwrong --->>> “: I wonder if tap dancers ever look at the floor and say to themselves, "I'd tap that"
Hey, I can make a song about your teeth ' black and yellow black and yellow' and you need to hear the remix 'green and purple.
LOL I'M SO GLAD I DIDN'T GO TO TRADE SCHOOL TODAY! THEY'RE ALL COMPLAINING ABOUT THE SUB! #Breakfastclubproblems! :D
idk dude call hr n be like look im just checking on progress to see if youve made a decision yet
Why must you torture me? And I have NO IDEA WHAT'S GOING ON WITH DEMI MOORE!
hope to see u guys tonight at Bowery Poetry club... for the full 11-piece band experience haha... 11pm
Thanks, Robert! I added you to my "Marketing Experts" list. :) -Benjamin
NIALL!! PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!
Two classes and the weekend begins! Miranda, Chris, and Jerrod tonight!
- so great to see you on Leno!!
It's ridiculous that some people are getting annoyed that #StopKony is getting attention now when they already supported it. It's childish.
HAHA! That would've been more acceptable...I would've assumed costume party. No...spread out. And scary...
Would you believe that 75% of Americans suffer from some stage of periodontal gum disease?
I missed you too!
WTF!!! Catch the damn ball!
To look for a home with an in-unit air conditioning or swim in my sweat, forever -- that is the question.
Sorry, Violet's never leaving the house...good times Also Tate v. Dad fight scene...perfect! Guess I'm a sicko
well aren't you just sweetest...i guess i was showing off my made for dress legs those days ;) #hawt!
put me in my first video we gonna be great as a colab real talk ur awesome
Ya Allah, please make me more beautiful. Amin :)
completely agree! songbird FTW!
yea just really upsetting still. man
OMG ! NOW THIS NIGGA IS WATCHING #MakeItOrBreakIt WITHOUT ME !
Thankful for my kids, too, of course, and lots of supportive people who've taken me right where I was, and loved me anyway.
"imma make you shine bright like you Layin in the snow...brrr" THATS SO HOTT JUSTIN!!;)
Go follow Vegas' own Olympic hopeful Reindell Cole he is currently training w TEAM USA
ooVoo. now. James is willing to help.
I know right, one time my flight was late by 2 hours, i mean 2 flippin hours!!!
Talking to my PT...What ya up to?
You're welcome. Always happy to help in the NYC restaurant journey. Feel free to reach out at any time.
haha she fat to?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY/CHRISTMAS!
Tell me when - it's being released in August. Finalizing cover, proofs etc. Hopefully someone will read the damn thing.
We're trying--interleaving paper and isolating the mold, moving everything to a separate location. Ugh.
I don't think so, because they are led by individuals, not the library. I know that Reynoldsburg branch has one.
What an amazing New Year's Day! Excluding the agonizing hangover and missing shoe of course. Really lovely though.
I officially met this Korean kid who'd been picked on and I stood up for. I let him know I was there for him, I reminded him he wasn't alone
Given your age you have to admit he does have a similar-valid point.
thanks for the prompt response! Hopefully we'll hear something from soon
From now on I hate physics!!!!!!
that's f'd up tho
Live fake , die fake .
my daughter and made the trip june 3rd to watch bosox && eat at the grill
I don't say anything about you, so please just stop the ridiculous childish rumors and grow up. Be a teenager, not a kindergartener.
Im late but Im here! RT :
Tell your curvy friends to follow us and receive great deals on some HAUTE plus size clothes and accessories!
David Peralta, Spanish director of ‘Ay, Carmela’: “Once again, even in times of crisis, we made another dream a reality.”
#Quizlet has some great possibilities for my students. Hoping to create more independent thinkers/learners before they reach hs next year!
or a brand new k1600GTL someone might have just picked up yesterday!
Oh boy, Rick. "Ops"
"... all things share the same breath - the beast, the tree, the man. . . the air shares its spirit with all the life it supports."
So lazy. SO lazy!
I love !!! please please follow me!!! I love all of u guys! U guys r soo talented!
All good and great things come to an end.....
but she is a brunette of precisely the opposite type to the architect's wife, it is learned, and is a graduate of Vassar college.
